The Fulton County Grand UNK said Friday an investigation of Atlanta's recent primary election produced "no UNK that any irregularities took place. The jury further said in UNK UNK that the City Executive Committee, which had over-all charge of the election, UNK the praise and thanks of the City of UNK for the manner in which the election was conducted. The UNK term jury had been charged by Fulton Superior Court Judge UNK UNK to investigate reports of possible UNK in the UNK primary which was won by UNK Ivan Allen Jr&. "Only a relative handful of such reports was UNK the jury said, UNK the widespread interest in the election, the number of voters and the size of this UNK The jury said it did find that many of Georgia's registration and election laws "are UNK or inadequate and often UNK It recommended that Fulton legislators act "to have these laws studied and revised to the end of modernizing and improving them". The grand jury commented on a number of other topics, among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said "are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which UNK to the best interest of both UNK UNK UNK However, the jury said it believes "these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of UNK The City UNK Department, the jury said, "is lacking in experienced clerical personnel as a result of city personnel UNK It urged that the city UNK steps to UNK this problem. Implementation of Georgia's automobile title law was also recommended by the outgoing jury. It urged that the next Legislature UNK enabling funds and UNK the effective date so that an orderly implementation of the law may be UNK The grand jury took a UNK at the State Welfare Department's handling of federal funds granted for child welfare services in foster homes. "This is one of the major items in the Fulton County general assistance UNK the jury said, but the State Welfare Department "has seen fit to distribute these funds through the welfare departments of all the counties in the state with the exception of Fulton County, which receives none of this money. The jurors said they realize "a proportionate distribution of these funds might UNK this program in our less populous UNK Nevertheless, "we feel that in the future Fulton County should receive some portion of these available UNK the jurors said. UNK to do this will continue to place a UNK UNK on Fulton taxpayers. The jury also commented on the Fulton UNK court which has been under fire for its practices in the appointment of UNK guardians and administrators and the awarding of fees and compensation. UNK UNK The jury said it found the court "has incorporated into its operating procedures the UNK of two previous grand UNK the Atlanta Bar Association and an interim citizens committee. "These actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the UNK UNK from undue costs and its appointed and elected servants from UNK UNK the jury said. UNK Atlanta's new UNK airport, the jury recommended "that when the new management takes charge Jan& 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political UNK The jury did not elaborate, but it added that "there should be periodic surveillance of the pricing practices of the concessionaires for the purpose of keeping the prices UNK UNK UNK UNK On other matters, the jury recommended that: _(1)_ Four additional deputies be employed at the Fulton County UNK and "a doctor, medical UNK or UNK be employed for night and weekend duty at the UNK _(2)_ Fulton legislators UNK with city officials to pass enabling legislation that will permit the establishment of a fair and UNK pension plan for city employes. The jury praised the administration and operation of the Atlanta Police Department, the Fulton Tax UNK Office, the UNK and UNK prison UNK Grady Hospital and the Fulton Health Department. Mayor William B& Hartsfield filed suit for divorce from his wife, Pearl Williams UNK in Fulton Superior Court Friday. His petition charged mental cruelty. The couple was married Aug& 2, 1913. They have a son, William Berry Jr&, and a daughter, Mrs& J& M& UNK of UNK UNK for the mayor said that an UNK property settlement has been agreed upon. The petition listed the mayor's occupation as UNK and his age as UNK It listed his wife's age as 74 and place of birth as UNK Ala&. The petition said that the couple has not lived together as man and wife for more than a year. The Hartsfield home is at UNK E& Pelham UNK UNK Henry L& UNK was listed on the petition as the mayor's UNK Hartsfield has been mayor of Atlanta, with exception of one brief UNK since 1937. His political career goes back to his election to city council in 1923. The mayor's present term of office UNK Jan& 1. He will be succeeded by Ivan Allen Jr&, who became a candidate in the Sept& 13 primary after Mayor Hartsfield announced that he would not run for UNK Georgia Republicans are getting strong encouragement to enter a candidate in the 1962 governor's race, a top official said Wednesday. Robert UNK state ~GOP chairman, said a meeting held Tuesday night in Blue Ridge brought enthusiastic responses from the audience. State Party Chairman James W& UNK added that enthusiasm was picking up for a state rally to be held Sept& 8 in UNK at which newly elected Texas Sen& John UNK will be the featured UNK In the Blue Ridge meeting, the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of registered voters. Despite the warning, there was a unanimous vote to enter a candidate, according to Republicans who attended. When the crowd was asked whether it wanted to wait one more term to make the race, it voted UNK and there were no UNK The largest UNK the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race, one of two alternative courses must be UNK _1._ Five per cent of the voters in each county must sign petitions requesting that the Republicans be allowed to place names of candidates on the general election ballot, or _2._ The Republicans must hold a primary under the county unit system- a system which the party UNK in its platform. Sam UNK State Highway Department public relations director, resigned Tuesday to work for Lt& Gov& Garland Byrd's campaign. UNK resignation had been expected for some time. He will be succeeded by Rob UNK of UNK who has been an assistant more than three years. When the gubernatorial campaign UNK UNK is expected to become a campaign coordinator for UNK The Georgia Legislature will wind up its 1961 session Monday and head for UNK where some of the highway bond money it approved will follow UNK Before UNK Monday afternoon, the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made. Gov& Vandiver is expected to make the traditional visit to both chambers as they work toward UNK Vandiver likely will mention the $100 million highway bond issue approved earlier in the session as his first priority item. UNK UNK Meanwhile, it was learned the State Highway Department is very near being ready to issue the first UNK million worth of highway reconstruction bonds. The bond issue will go to the state courts for a friendly test suit to test the validity of the act, and then the sales will begin and contracts let for repair work on some of Georgia's most heavily traveled highways. A Highway Department source said there also is a plan there to issue some $3 million to $4 million worth of Rural Roads Authority bonds for rural road construction work. #A UNK UNK The department apparently intends to make the Rural Roads Authority a revolving fund under which new bonds would be issued every time a portion of the old ones are paid off by tax UNK Vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the Legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then Gov& Marvin UNK The Highway Department source told The Constitution, however, that Vandiver has not been consulted yet about the plans to issue the new rural roads bonds. UNK County Rep& B& D& Pelham will offer a resolution Monday in the House to UNK the body's action of Friday in voting itself a $10 per day increase in expense allowances. Pelham said Sunday night there was research being done on whether the UNK vote on the increase can be UNK outright or whether notice would have to first be given that reconsideration of the action would be sought. While UNK that technical details were not fully worked out, Pelham said his resolution would seek to set aside the privilege resolution which the House voted through UNK A similar resolution passed in the Senate by a vote of UNK As of Sunday night, there was no word of a resolution being offered there to UNK the action. Pelham pointed out that Georgia voters last November rejected a constitutional amendment to allow legislators to vote on pay raises for future Legislature UNK A veteran Jackson County legislator will ask the Georgia House Monday to back federal aid to education, something it has consistently opposed in the past. Rep& UNK Barber of Commerce is asking the House in a privilege resolution to UNK increased federal support for public education, provided that such funds be received and UNK as state funds. UNK who is in his 13th year as a legislator, said there "are some members of our congressional delegation in Washington who would like to see it (the UNK UNK But he added that none of Georgia's congressmen specifically asked him to offer the resolution. The resolution, which Barber tossed into the House UNK Friday, will be formally read Monday. It says that "in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal UNK the State Board of Education should be directed to "give UNK to teacher pay UNK UNK After a long, hot controversy, Miller County has a new school superintendent, UNK as a policeman put it, in the UNK election I ever saw in this UNK The new school superintendent is Harry Davis, a veteran agriculture teacher, who defeated Felix Bush, a school principal and chairman of the Miller County Democratic Executive Committee. Davis received UNK votes in Saturday's election, and UNK got UNK Ordinary UNK Williams, armed with a pistol, stood by at the polls to insure order. "This was the UNK UNK election I ever UNK UNK UNK Tom Williams said. UNK at the polls was just like being at church. I didn't smell a drop of liquor, and we didn't have a bit of trouble". The campaign leading to the election was not so quiet, however. It was marked by controversy, anonymous midnight phone calls and veiled threats of violence. The former county school superintendent, George P& UNK shot himself to death March 18, four days after he resigned his post in a dispute with the county school board. During the election campaign, both candidates, Davis and Bush, reportedly received anonymous telephone UNK Ordinary Williams said he, too, was subjected to anonymous calls soon after he scheduled the election. Many local citizens feared that there would be irregularities at the UNK and Williams got himself a permit to carry a gun and promised an orderly election. Sheriff Felix UNK said the ordinary apparently made good his promise. "Everything went real UNK the sheriff said. "There wasn't a bit of trouble". _AUSTIN, TEXAS_- Committee approval of Gov& Price UNK UNK property" act seemed certain Thursday despite the adamant protests of Texas bankers. Daniel personally led the fight for the measure, which he had watered down considerably since its rejection by two previous UNK in a public hearing before the House Committee on Revenue and UNK Under committee rules, it went automatically to a subcommittee for one week. But questions with which committee members UNK bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it. Daniel termed UNK UNK his estimate that it would produce 17 million dollars to help UNK an anticipated deficit of UNK million dollars at the end of the current fiscal year next Aug& 31. He told the committee the measure would merely provide means of enforcing the UNK law which has been on the books UNK Texas was a UNK It permits the state to take over bank accounts, stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more. The bill, which Daniel said he drafted personally, would force banks, insurance firms, pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state UNK The UNK law cannot be enforced now because it is almost impossible to locate such property, Daniel declared. UNK Lawrence, a UNK lawyer representing the Texas Bankers Association, sounded the opposition keynote when he said it would force banks to violate their contractual obligations with UNK and undermine the confidence of bank customers. "If you destroy confidence in banks, you do something to the UNK he said. "You take out of circulation many millions of UNK Rep& Charles E& Hughes of Sherman, sponsor of the bill, said a failure to enact it would amount "to making a gift out of the UNK pockets to banks, insurance and pipeline UNK His contention was denied by several UNK including Scott Hudson of Sherman, UNK B& Jones of Houston, J& B& UNK of UNK and Howard Cox of UNK Cox argued that the bill is UNK UNK since, he said, it would impair contracts. He also complained that not enough notice was given on the hearing, since the bill was introduced only last Monday. _AUSTIN, TEXAS_- Senators unanimously approved Thursday the bill of Sen& George Parkhouse of Dallas authorizing establishment of day schools for the deaf in Dallas and the four other largest counties. The bill is designed to provide special schooling for more deaf students in the scholastic age at a reduced cost to the state. There was no debate as the Senate passed the bill on to the House. It would authorize the Texas Education Agency to establish UNK day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population, require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools, permitting older ones to attend the residential Texas School for the UNK here. Operating budget for the day schools in the five counties of Dallas, Harris, UNK UNK and El Paso would be UNK which would be a savings of UNK yearly after the first year's capital UNK of UNK was UNK Parkhouse told the Senate. The UNK estimated there would be UNK UNK to attend the day school in Dallas County, saving them from coming to Austin to live in the state deaf school. #@# UNK MAY UNK to hear a debate on horse race UNK soon between UNK V& E& UNK Berry and Joe UNK While details are still be to worked out, UNK said he expects to tell home folks in Dallas why he thinks UNK proposed constitutional amendment should be UNK "We're getting more UNK letters than UNK on horse race UNK said UNK "But I believe if people were better informed on this question, most of them would oppose it also. I'm willing to stake my political career on it". Rep& Berry, an UNK from San UNK got elected on his advocacy of UNK on the UNK A House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report, although the resolution faces hard UNK later. #@# {THE UNK passed finally, and sent to the Senate, a bill extending the State Health Department's authority to give planning assistance to cities. #@# {THE UNK quickly whipped through its UNK fare of House bills approved by committees, passing the three on the calendar. One UNK acts of school districts. Another enlarged authority of the Beaumont UNK UNK The third amended the enabling act for creation of the Lamar county Hospital UNK for which a special constitutional amendment previously was UNK #@# UNK UNK senators passed a bill by Sen& A& R& Schwartz of UNK authorizing establishment in the future of a school for the mentally retarded in the Gulf Coast district. Money for its construction will be sought later on but in the meantime the State Hospital board can accept gifts and UNK of a site. #@# UNK TAX UNK bills were passed. One, by Sen& Louis UNK of San UNK would aid more than UNK retailers who pay a group of miscellaneous excise taxes by eliminating the requirement that each return be UNK Instead, retailers would sign a certificate of UNK violation of which would carry a penalty of one to five years in UNK plus a $1,000 fine. It was one of a series of recommendations by the Texas Research League. #@# {THE OTHER UNK by Sen& A& M& UNK Jr& of Paris, would relieve real estate UNK who pay their own annual licensing UNK from the UNK annual occupation license on brokers in such as stocks and bonds. #@# UNK UNK public utility companies would be given the right of eminent UNK under a bill by Sen& Frank Owen /3, of El Paso, to acquire sites for underground storage UNK for gas. #@# UNK UNK of UNK former chairman of the Texas Highway Commission, suggested a plan to fill by appointment future UNK in the Legislature and Congress, eliminating the need for costly special elections. Under UNK plan, an UNK would be selected by a board composed of the governor, lieutenant governor, speaker of the House, attorney general and chief justice of the Texas Supreme Court. _AUSTIN, TEXAS_- State representatives decided Thursday against taking a poll on what kind of taxes Texans would prefer to pay. An adverse vote of UNK to 65 kept in the State Affairs Committee a bill which would order the UNK on the April 4 ballot, when Texas votes on a U&S& UNK Rep& UNK UNK of UNK sponsor of the poll idea, said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill. The West Texan reported that he had finally gotten Chairman Bill UNK of the committee to set it for public hearing on Feb& 22. The proposal would have to receive final legislative approval, by two-thirds UNK before March 1 to be printed on the April 4 ballot, UNK said. UNK generally argued that the ballot couldn't give enough information about tax proposals for the voters to make an intelligent choice. All Dallas members voted with Roberts, except Rep& Bill Jones, who was absent. _AUSTIN, TEXAS_- UNK lost to the alleged water needs of Texas' big cities Thursday. Rep& James Cotten of UNK insisted that a water development bill passed by the Texas House of Representatives was an effort by big cities like Dallas and Fort UNK to cover up places like UNK a Wise County hamlet of 250 people. When the shouting ended, the bill passed, UNK to 4, sending it to the Senate, where a similar proposal is being sponsored by Sen& George Parkhouse of Dallas. Most of the fire was directed by Cotten against Dallas and Sen& UNK The bill would increase from UNK to UNK the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project. Cotten construed this as a veiled effort by Parkhouse to help Dallas and other large cities get money which Cotten felt could better be spent providing water for rural Texas. UNK by other legislators that Dallas is paying for all its water program by local bonds, and that less populous places would benefit most by the pending bill, did not sway UNK attack. The UNK defenders were mostly small-town legislators like J& W& UNK of UNK UNK UNK de la UNK of UNK Sam F& UNK of UNK and Joe Chapman of UNK UNK "This is a poor boy's UNK said UNK UNK and Fort UNK can vote bonds. This would help the little peanut UNK _AUSTIN, TEXAS_- A Houston teacher, now serving in the Legislature, proposed Thursday a law reducing the time spent learning UNK UNK Rep& Henry C& UNK who teaches history in the Houston public schools, would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called UNK UNK courses required to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching UNK A normal year's work in college is 30 semester hours. UNK also would require UNK high teachers to have at least 24 semester hours credit in the subject they are teaching. The remainder of the UNK college requirement would be in general subjects. "A person with a master's degree in physics, chemistry, UNK or English, yet who has not taken Education courses, is not permitted to teach in the public UNK said UNK College teachers in Texas are not required to have the Education courses. UNK of the 150 representatives immediately joined UNK as UNK of the UNK UNK UNK UNK The board of UNK of Paris Junior College has named Dr& Clarence Charles Clark of UNK UNK as the school's new president. Dr& Clark will succeed Dr& J& R& UNK who will retire at the close of the present school term. Dr& Clark holds an earned Doctor of Education degree from the University of UNK He also received a Master of Science degree from Texas UNK College and a UNK of Science degree from UNK State College, UNK UNK In addition, Dr& Clark has studied at Rhode Island State College and Massachusetts Institute of UNK During his college career, Dr& Clark was captain of his basketball team and was a football UNK Dr& Clark has served as teacher and principal in Oklahoma high schools, as teacher and athletic director at UNK Texas, High School, as an instructor at the University of Oklahoma, and as an associate professor of education at Fort UNK UNK State College. He has served as a border UNK and was in the Signal Corps of the U&S& Army. UNK UNK UNK UNK of the 13 schools in the Denton Independent School District have been UNK for the UNK session upon the recommendation of UNK Chester O& UNK State and federal legislation against racial discrimination in employment was called for yesterday in a report of a UNK UNK citizens committee on the aid to dependent children program. The report, UNK a year long study of the ~ADC program in Cook county by a New York City welfare consulting firm, listed 10 long range recommendations designed to reduce the soaring ~ADC case load. The report called racial discrimination in employment "one of the most serious causes of family UNK UNK and ~ADC UNK UNK UNK UNK The monthly cost of ~ADC to more than 100,000 recipients in the county is UNK million dollars, said C& UNK Martin, president of UNK UNK Scott + Co&, committee chairman. "We must solve the problems which have forced these people to depend upon ~ADC for UNK Martin said. The volume of ~ADC cases will UNK Martin reported, when the community is able to deal effectively with two UNK UNK limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color. UNK he said, are "two of the principal underlying causes for family UNK leading to UNK UNK FOR UNK Other recommendations made by the committee are: UNK of the ~ADC program to all children in need living with any UNK including both parents, as a means of preserving family unity. Research projects as soon as possible on the causes and prevention of UNK and UNK Several defendants in the UNK police burglary trial made statements indicating their guilt at the time of their UNK Judge James B& Parsons was told in Criminal court yesterday. The UNK by Charles UNK chief defense UNK startled observers and was viewed as the UNK to a quarrel between the six attorneys representing the eight former policemen now on trial. Bellows made the UNK when he asked Judge Parsons to grant his UNK Alan UNK 30, a separate trial. Bellows made the request while the UNK jury was out of the UNK UNK UNK UNK "The statements may be highly UNK to my UNK Bellows told the court. "Some of the defendants strongly indicated they knew they were receiving stolen property. It is impossible to get a fair trial when some of the defendants made statements involving themselves and others". Judge Parsons leaned over the bench and inquired, "You mean some of the defendants made statements admitting this"? "Yes, your UNK replied UNK "What this amounts to, if true, is that there will be a UNK fight in this case. There is a conflict among the UNK _WASHINGTON, UNK UNK President Kennedy today pushed aside other White House business to devote all his time and attention to working on the Berlin crisis address he will deliver tomorrow night to the American people over nationwide television and radio. The President spent much of the week-end at his summer home on Cape Cod writing the first UNK of portions of the address with the help of White House aids in Washington with whom he talked by telephone. Shortly after the Chief Executive returned to Washington in UNK from UNK UNK Mass&, a White House spokesman said the address text still had "quite a way to UNK toward completion. UNK ARE UNK Asked to elaborate, Pierre UNK White House press secretary, replied, "I would say it's got to go thru several more UNK UNK said the work President Kennedy, UNK and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and UNK rather than last minute decisions on administration plans to meet the latest Berlin crisis precipitated by Russia's demands and proposals for the city. The last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov& 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge John M& UNK who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence "by unfair and fundamentally illegal UNK Karns said that the cases involved a matter "of even greater significance than the guilt or UNK of the 50 persons. He said evidence was obtained "in violation of the legal rights of UNK UNK ruling UNK to eight of the 10 cases. In the two other cases he ruled that the state had been UNK to make a UNK UNK proceedings originally had been brought against UNK persons in 133 precincts by Morris J& UNK special UNK UNK UNK UNK Wexler admitted in earlier court hearings that he issued grand jury UNK to about 200 persons involved in the election investigation, questioned the individuals in the Criminal courts building, but did not take them before the grand jury. UNK Goldberg, attorney for election judges in the UNK precinct of the 23d ward, argued this procedure constituted UNK Wexler has denied repeatedly that UNK was used in UNK Karns said it was a UNK UNK for Wexler to take statements UNK and outside of the grand jury UNK He said this constituted a "very serious UNK of the Criminal court processes. UNK the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county, altho UNK of the authority of that court is not the function of this UNK said UNK who is a City judge in East St& Louis sitting in Cook County court. UNK UNK UNK Karns had been scheduled this week to hear seven cases involving 35 persons. Wexler had charged the precinct judges in these cases with UNK UNK of the vote, in which votes would be taken from one candidate and given to another. The cases involved judges in the UNK UNK and UNK precincts of the UNK ward, the 21st and 28th precincts of the 29th ward, the 18th precinct of the 4th ward, and the 9th precinct of the 23d UNK The case of the judges in the UNK precinct of the 23d ward had been heard previously and taken under UNK by UNK Two other cases also were under UNK UNK UNK UNK After reading his statement discharging the 23d ward case, Karns told Wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been UNK he would dismiss them. _WASHINGTON, FEB& 9_- President Kennedy today proposed a mammoth new medical care program whereby social security taxes on 70 million American workers would be raised to pay the hospital and some other medical bills of UNK million Americans over 65 who are covered by social security or railroad retirement programs. The President, in a special message to Congress, tied in with his aged care plan requests for large federal grants to finance medical and dental scholarships, build 20 new medical and 20 new dental schools, and expand child health care and general medical research. The aged care plan, similar to one the President sponsored last year as a UNK a fight on Capitol hill. It was defeated in Congress last year. UNK UNK TO $37 A YEAR# It would be financed by UNK the social security payroll tax by as much as $37 a year for each of the workers now paying such taxes. The social security payroll tax is now 6 per cent- 3 per cent on each worker and UNK on the first UNK of pay per year. The Kennedy plan alone would boost the base to $5,000 a year and the payroll tax to UNK per cent- UNK per cent each. Similar payroll tax UNK would be imposed on those under the railroad retirement system. The payroll tax would actually rise to 7.5 per cent starting Jan& 1, UNK if the plan is approved, because the levy is already scheduled to go up by 1 per cent on that date to pay for other social security costs. UNK WOULD UNK Officials estimated the annual tax boost for the medical plan would amount to 1.5 billion dollars and that medical benefits paid out would run 1 billion or more in the first year, 1963. Both figures would go higher in later years. Other parts of the Kennedy health plan would UNK federal grants of UNK million to 1 billion dollars over the next 10 years. These would be paid for out of general, not UNK taxes. UNK HOME UNK The aged care plan carries these benefits for persons over 65 who are under the social security and railroad retirement UNK _1._ Full payment of hospital bills for UNK up to 90 days for each illness, except that the patient would pay $10 a day of the cost for the first nine days. _2._ Full payment of nursing home bills for up to 180 days following discharge from a hospital. A patient could receive up to 300 days UNK nursing home care under a UNK UNK allowing more of such care for those who use none or only part of the UNK credit. _3._ Hospital UNK clinic diagnostic service for all costs in excess of $20 a patient. _4._ Community visiting nurse services at home for up to UNK days an illness. The President noted that Congress last year passed a law providing grants to states to help pay medical bills of the needy UNK UNK UNK UNK He said his plan is designed to UNK the needs of those millions who have no wish to receive care at the UNK UNK but who are nevertheless staggered by the drain on their UNK or those of their UNK caused by an extended hospital UNK "This is a very modest proposal cut to meet absolutely essential UNK he said, "and with sufficient UNK requirements to discourage any UNK or unnecessary UNK of our hospitals. "This is not a program of UNK medicine. It is a program of UNK of health costs with absolute freedom of choice UNK Every person will choose his own doctor and UNK UNK UNK UNK The plan does not cover doctor bills. They would still be paid by the patient. Apart from the aged care plan the President's most ambitious and costly proposals were for federal scholarships, and grants to build or enlarge medical and dental schools. The President said the nation's UNK medical and 47 dental schools cannot now handle the student load needed to meet the rising need for health care. Moreover, he said, many qualified young people are not going into medicine and UNK because they can't afford the schooling costs. UNK TO UNK The scholarship plan would provide federal contributions to each medical and dental school equal to $1,500 a year for one-fourth of the first year students. The schools could use the money to pay UNK scholarships, based on need, of up to $2,000 a year per student. In addition, the government would pay a $1,000 "cost of UNK grant to the schools for each $1,500 in scholarship UNK Officials estimated the combined programs would cost UNK million dollars the first year and would go up to 21 millions by UNK The President recommended federal UNK UNK totaling 700 million dollars in 10 years for constructing new medical and dental schools or enlarging the capacity of existing ones. #MORE FOR UNK UNK In the area of UNK health UNK the President called for doubling the present 10 million dollar a year federal grants for nursing home construction. He asked for another 10 million dollar UNK appropriation for UNK UNK to states to improve nursing homes. He further proposed grants of an unspecified sum for experimental hospitals. In the child health field, the President said he will recommend later an increase in funds for programs under the children's UNK He also asked Congress to approve establishment of a national child health UNK UNK RESEARCH UNK The President said he will ask Congress to increase grants to states for vocational rehabilitation. He did not say by how much. For medical research he asked a 20 million dollar a year increase, from 30 to 50 millions, in matching grants for building research facilities. The President said he will also propose UNK by an unspecified amount, the UNK million dollars in the UNK budget for direct government research in medicine. The President said his proposals combine the UNK elements in a sound health program- people, knowledge, services, facilities, and the means to pay for them". UNK AS EXPECTED# Congressional reaction to the message was along expected lines. Legislators who last year opposed placing UNK under the social security system criticized the President's plan. Those who backed a similar plan last year hailed the message. Senate Republican Leader UNK UNK and House Republican Leader Charles Halleck UNK said the message did not persuade them to change their opposition to compulsory medical insurance. Halleck said the voluntary care plan enacted last year should be given a fair trial first. House Speaker Sam Rayburn UNK UNK called the Kennedy program "a mighty fine thing", but made no prediction on its fate in the House. _WASHINGTON, FEB& 9_- Acting hastily under White House pressure, the Senate tonight confirmed Robert C& Weaver as the nation's federal housing UNK Only 11 senators were on the floor and there was no record vote. A number of scattered UNK and UNK was heard. UNK Senate rules were ignored in order to speed approval of the Negro leader as administrator of the housing and home finance UNK In the last eight years, all Presidential UNK including those of cabinet rank, have been denied immediate action because of a Senate rule requiring at least a 24 hour delay after they are reported to the floor. UNK BY UNK The rule was enforced by demand of Sen& Wayne Morse UNK UNK in connection with President Eisenhower's cabinet selections in 1953 and President Kennedy's in 1961. UNK The most positive element to emerge from the Oslo meeting of North Atlantic Treaty Organization Foreign Ministers has been the UNK UNK and wider UNK animated by much better mutual understanding than in past meetings. This has been a working session of an organization that, by its very nature, can only proceed along its route step by step and without dramatic changes. In UNK the ministers have met in a climate of UNK and made a genuine attempt to get information and understanding one another's problems. This atmosphere of understanding has been particularly noticeable where relations are concerned between the UNK powers and those who have never, or not for a long time, had such problems. The UNK of a clash between those in trouble in Africa, UNK by the difficulties, changes, and tragedies facing them, and other allies who intellectually and emotionally disapprove of the circumstances that have brought these troubles about, has been UNK by its UNK UNK UNK In the case of UNK which a few weeks ago was UNK ready to walk out of the ~NATO Council should critics of its UNK policy prove UNK there has been a noticeable relaxation of tension. The general, remarkably UNK explanation has left basic positions UNK but there has been no explosion in the UNK There should even be no more bitter surprises in the ~UN General Assembly as to ~NATO UNK UNK since a new ad UNK ~NATO committee has been set up so that in the future such topics as UNK will be discussed in advance. Canada alone has been somewhat out of step with the Oslo attempt to get all the allied cars back on the track behind the ~NATO UNK Even UNK despite daily but limited manifestations against atomic arms in the heart of this UNK capital of the alliance, is today closer to the ~NATO line. On the negative side of the balance sheet must be set some disappointment that the United States leadership has not been as much in evidence as hoped for. One diplomat described the tenor of Secretary of State Dean Rusk's speeches as UNK But he hastened to add that, if United States policies were not always clear, despite Mr& Rusk's analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the West, this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy. UNK UNK A certain vagueness may also be caused by tactical appreciation of the fact that the present council meeting is a UNK affair, with no fewer than six Soviet correspondents UNK The impression has nevertheless been given during these three days, despite Mr& Rusk's personal UNK that the United States delegation came to Oslo in a somewhat tentative and exploratory frame of mind, more ready to listen and learn than to UNK firm policy on a global scale with detailed application to individual danger spots. The Secretary of State himself, in his first speech, gave some idea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the United States that has preoccupied the new administration in the past four months. But where the core of ~NATO is concerned, the Secretary of State has not only UNK the United States' profound attachment to the alliance, UNK of its foreign policy, but has announced that five nuclear submarines will eventually be at UNK disposal in European waters. The Secretary of State has also solemnly repeated a warning to the Soviet Union that the United States will not stand for another setback in Berlin, an affirmation once again taken up by the council as a whole. UNK UNK The secretary's greatest achievement is perhaps the UNK of ~NATO realization that East-West UNK wherever it take place around the globe, is in essence the general conflict between two entirely different societies, and must be treated as such without regard to geographical distance or lack of apparent connection. The annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main UNK more, deeper, and more timely political consultation within the alliance, the use of the Organization for Economic UNK and Development (when UNK as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries, and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear UNK This increase in the UNK as the conventional forces strengthening is called, will prove one of the UNK most difficult problems in the months to come. Each ally will have to carry out obligations long since laid down, but never completely fulfilled. UNK The Kennedy administration moves UNK toward a Geneva conference on Laos just as serious debate over its foreign policy UNK for the first time. There is little optimism here that the Communists will be any more docile at the conference table than they were in military actions on the ground in Laos. The United States, State Department officials explain, now is mainly interested in setting up an international inspection system which will prevent Laos from being used as a base for Communist attacks on neighboring UNK and South Viet Nam. They count on the aid of the neutral countries attending the Geneva conference to achieve this. The United States hopes that any future Lao Cabinet would not become Communist dominated. But it is apparent that no acceptable formula has been found to prevent such a possibility. UNK UNK The inclination here is to accept a de UNK cease-fire in Laos, rather than continue to insist on a verification of the cease-fire by the international control commission before participating in the Geneva conference. This is another of the modifications of policy on Laos that the Kennedy administration has felt compelled to make. It UNK these actions as being the chain reaction to basic errors made in the previous administration. Its spokesmen insist that there has not been time enough to institute reforms in military and economic aid policies in the critical areas. But with the months moving on- and the immediate UNK with the Communists showing no gain for the free world- the question UNK How effective have Kennedy administration first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with Communist UNK UNK Vice-President Richard M& Nixon in Detroit called for a firmer and tougher policy toward the Soviet Union. He was critical of what he feels is President Kennedy's tendency to be too UNK UNK UNK It does not take a UNK poll to find out that most Republicans in Congress feel this UNK the situation as Republicans see it. They can hardly restrain themselves from raising the question of whether UNK if they had been in power, would have made UNK and monumental UNK in Cuba. One Republican UNK told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the Kennedy administration on this score. His reply, he said, was that he agreed to the need for unity in the country now. But he further said that it was better politics to let others question the wisdom of administration policies first. The Republicans some weeks ago served notice through Senator UNK B& Morton UNK of Kentucky, chairman of the Republican National Committee, that the Kennedy administration would be held responsible if the outcome in Laos was a coalition government susceptible of Communist domination. Kennedy administration policies also have been assailed now from another direction by 70 Harvard, Boston University, UNK and Massachusetts Institute of UNK UNK UNK UNK This group UNK with the administration to "give no further support for the invasion of Cuba by UNK UNK It UNK that the United States UNK instead to UNK the Castro regime from the Communist bloc by working for a diplomatic UNK and a resumption of trade UNK and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin America the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism UNK Mr& Nixon, for his part, would oppose intervention in Cuba without specific UNK But he did recommend that President Kennedy state clearly that if Communist countries shipped any further arms to Cuba that it would not be tolerated. Until the Cuban UNK and the Communist military victories in Laos, almost any observer would have said that President Kennedy had blended a program that UNK generally, the opinions voiced both by Mr& Nixon and the UNK UNK UNK UNK Very early in his administration he informed the Kremlin through diplomatic channels, a high official source UNK that the new administration would react even tougher than the Eisenhower administration would during the UNK period of the administration. UNK efforts were made to remove pin UNK from administration statements. UNK on nuclear test ban negotiations were reviewed and changed. But thus far there has been no response in kind. Foreign aid programs were UNK to give greater emphasis to economic aid and to encourage political reform in recipient nations. In Laos, the administration looked at the Eisenhower administration efforts to show determination by sailing a naval fleet into Southeast Asian waters as a useless gesture. Again and again it asked the Communists to UNK the military situation in Laos. But the Communists aided the Pathet Lao at an even faster rate. And after several correspondents went into Pathet Lao territory and exposed the huge UNK administration spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a "great UNK and laid the matter before the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization. ~SEATO was steamed up and prepared contingency plans for coping with the military losses in Laos. But the Communists never gave sufficient UNK at any one time for the United States to want to risk a limited or an all-out war over Laos. UNK ~SEATO nations UNK UNK There was the further complication that the administration had very early concluded that Laos was ill suited to be an ally, unlike its more determined neighbors, UNK and South Viet Nam. The administration declared itself in favor of a neutralized Laos. The pro-Western government, which the United States had helped in a revolt against the Souvanna UNK "neutralist" government, never did appear to spark much fighting spirit in the Royal Lao Army. There certainly was not any more energy displayed after it was clear the United States would not back the pro-Western government to the UNK If the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to Prince Souvanna UNK whom it felt was too UNK of Communists, it gradually had to relinquish them. One factor was the statement of Senator J& W& UNK UNK of Arkansas, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. He declared on March 25 that the United States had UNK a year and a half ago by UNK the UNK of Prince UNK UNK The White House is taking extraordinary steps to check the rapid growth of juvenile UNK in the United States. The President is deeply concerned over this problem and its effect upon the UNK of the UNK In an important assertion of national leadership in this field, he has issued an executive order establishing the President's committee on Juvenile UNK and UNK to be supported and assisted by a Citizens Advisory Council of recognized authorities on juvenile problems. The President asks the support and cooperation of Congress in his efforts through the enactment of legislation to provide federal grants to states for specified efforts in UNK this disturbing crime trend. UNK UNK The President has also called upon the Attorney General, the Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare, and the Secretary of Labor to coordinate their efforts "in the development of a program of federal leadership to assist states and local communities in their efforts to cope with the problem. Simultaneously the President announced Thursday the appointment of David L& UNK a special assistant UNK the Attorney General, as executive director of the new Committee on Juvenile UNK and Youth UNK His sense of urgency in this matter stems from the fact that court cases UNK juvenile UNK have more than doubled since 1948, each year showing an increase in UNK Among UNK reported by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1959, about half for burglary and UNK involved persons under 18 years of age. East Providence should organize its civil defense UNK and begin by UNK a full-time director, Raymond H& UNK the present city ~CD head, UNK Mr& Hawksley said yesterday he would be willing to go before the city council "or anyone else UNK to outline his proposal at the earliest possible time. East Providence now has no civil defense program. Mr& UNK the state's general treasurer, has been a part-time ~CD director in the city for the last nine years. He is not interested in being named a full-time director. Noting that President Kennedy has handed the Defense Department the major responsibility for the nation's civil defense program, Mr& Hawksley said the federal government would pay half the salary of a full-time local director. He expressed the opinion the city could hire a ~CD director for about UNK a year and would only have to put up half that amount on a matching fund basis to UNK the salary costs. Mr& Hawksley said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time ~CD job. One of these men is former Fire Chief John A& UNK he said. Along with a director, the city should provide a ~CD headquarters so that pertinent information about the local organization would be UNK Mr& Hawksley said. One advantage that would come to the city in having a full-time director, he said, is that East Providence would become eligible to apply to the federal government for financial aid in purchasing equipment needed for a sound civil defense program. UNK funds also can be obtained for procurement of such items as UNK UNK and rescue trucks, he said. Mr& Hawksley believes that East Providence could use two more rescue trucks, similar to the ~CD vehicle obtained several years ago and now detailed to the Central Fire UNK He would assign one of the rescue trucks to the Riverside section of the city and the other to the UNK area. Speaking of the present status of civil defense in the city, Mr& Hawksley said he would be willing to bet that not more than one person in a hundred would know what to do or where to go in the event of an enemy attack. The Narragansett Race UNK grounds is one assembly point, he said, and a UNK theater in UNK would be another. Riverside residents would go to the UNK assembly point. Mr& Hawksley said he was not critical of city residents for not knowing what to do or where to assemble in case of an air attack. Such vital information, he said, has to be made available to the public frequently and at regular intervals for residents to know. If the city council fails to consider appointment of a full-time ~CD director, Mr& Hawksley said, then he plans to call a meeting early in September so that a civil defense organization will be developed UNK One of the first things he would do, he said, would be to organize classes in first aid. Other steps would be developed after information drifts down to the local level from the federal government. Rhode Island is going to examine its Sunday sales law with possible revisions in mind. Governor Notte said last night he plans to name a committee to make the study and come up with recommendations for possible changes in time for the next session of the General UNK The governor's move into the so-called UNK law" controversy came in the form of a letter to Miss Mary R& UNK deputy city clerk of Central UNK A copy was released to the press. Mr& Notte was responding to a resolution adopted by the Central Falls City Council on July 10 and sent to the state house by Miss UNK The resolution urges the governor to have a complete study of the Sunday sales laws made with an eye to their revision at the next session of the UNK While the city council suggested that the UNK Council might perform the review, Mr& Notte said that instead he will take up the matter with Atty& Gen& J& Joseph UNK to get "the benefit of his UNK He will then appoint the study committee with Mr& UNK cooperation, the governor said. "I would expect the proposed committee to hold public UNK Mr& Notte said, "to obtain the views of the general public and religious, labor and UNK groups affected by these UNK The governor wrote Miss Grant that he has been concerned for some time "with the continuous problem which confronts our local and state law enforcement officers as a result of the laws regulating Sunday UNK The attorney general has advised local police that it is their duty to enforce the blue laws. Should there be evidence they are UNK he has said, the state police will step into the situation. There has been more activity across the state line in Massachusetts than in Rhode Island in recent weeks toward enforcement of the Sunday sales laws. The statutes, similar in both the Bay State and Rhode Island and dating back in some instances to colonial times, severely limit the types of merchandise that may be sold on the UNK The Central Falls City Council expressed concern especially that more foods be placed on the eligible list and that neighborhood grocery and variety stores be allowed to do business on Sunday. The only day they UNK a chance to compete with large UNK is on UNK the UNK resolution said. The small shops "must be UNK for they provide essential service to the UNK according to the resolution, which added that they UNK are the source of UNK for thousands of our UNK It declares that Sunday sales UNK provide "great UNK to the local government. The council advised the governor that UNK UNK factory outlets and department stores not be allowed to do business" on Sunday. They UNK on a volume UNK it was contended, "and are not essential to provide the more limited but vital shopping needs of the UNK Liberals and UNK in both UNK Democratic and UNK should divorce themselves and form two independent parties, George H& Reama, nationally known labor-management expert, said here yesterday. Mr& UNK told the Rotary Club of Providence at its luncheon at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel that about half of the people in the country want the UNK type of government and the other half want a free enterprise system. He suggested that a UNK of forces might allow the average UNK a better pull at the right lever for him on election day. He said he was UNK that I was a member of the Socialist Party in UNK That, he added, was when he was "a very young man, a machinist and UNK by trade. "That was before I studied law. Some of my fellow workers were UNK me for an office in the Socialist UNK The lawyer with whom I studied law steered me off the Socialist track. He steered me to the right UNK the free enterprise UNK He said that when he was a Socialist in 1910, the party called for government operation of all utilities and the UNK of all resources. He suggested that without the Socialist Party ever gaining a national victory, most of its original program has come to pass under both major parties. Mr& Reama, who retired as vice president of the American UNK Co& in 1955 said, "Both parties in the last election told us that we need a five per cent growth in the gross national UNK but neither told us how to achieve it". He said he favors wage increases for UNK "but manufacturers are caught in a profit UNK and raises should only come when the public is conditioned to higher prices, he added. UNK the way in which he has turned his back on his 1910 philosophy, Mr& UNK said: "A Socialist is a person who believes in dividing everything he does not own". Mr& Reama, far from really being retired, is engaged in industrial relations UNK A petition bearing the signatures of more than UNK Johnston taxpayers was presented to the town council last night as what is hoped will be the first step in obtaining a home rule charter for the town. William A& UNK chairman of the Citizens Group of UNK transferred the petitions from his left hand to his right hand after the council voted to accept them at the suggestion of Council President Raymond UNK UNK The law which UNK home rule charter petitions states that they must be referred to the chairman of the board of UNK for verification of the signatures within 10 days and Mr& Martinelli happens to hold that post. Mr& Martinelli explained that there should be more than enough signatures to assure the UNK of a vote on the home rule charter and possible election of a nine member charter commission within 70 days. He explained that by law the council must establish procedures for a vote on the issue within 60 days after the board of UNK completes its work. A difference of opinion arose between Mr& Martinelli and John P& UNK town UNK over the exact manner in which the vote is UNK Mr& Martinelli has, in recent weeks, been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called for the vote, while Mr& UNK said that a special election might be called instead. Mr& UNK said that he had consulted several Superior Court UNK in the last week and received opinions favoring both procedures. He assured Mr& Martinelli and the council that he would study the correct method and report back to the council as soon as possible. Mr& Martinelli said yesterday that the Citizens Group of Johnston will meet again July 24 to plan further strategy in the charter movement. He said that the group has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present, but that it will undoubtedly endorse candidates when the time UNK "After inspiring this, I think we should certainly follow through on it", he declared. "It has become our responsibility and I hope that the Citizens Group will UNK the UNK He said he would not be surprised if some of the more than 30 members of the group are interested in running on the required UNK ballot for posts on the charter UNK "Our most immediate goal is to increase public awareness of the UNK he indicated, "and to tell them what this will mean for the town". He expects that if the present timetable is followed a vote will be scheduled during the last week in UNK Some opposition to the home rule movement started to be heard yesterday, with spokesmen for the town's UNK Democratic leadership speaking out against the home rule charter in favor of the model municipal league UNK UNK opposition can be expected in coming weeks, it was indicated. UNK of the real meaning of a home rule charter was cited as a factor which has caused the Citizens Group to obtain signatures under what were termed UNK UNK Several UNK affixed their names, it was learned, after being told that no tax increase would be possible without consent of the General Assembly and that a provision could be included in the charter to have the town take over the Johnston UNK District sewer system. Action on a new ordinance permitting motorists who plead guilty to minor traffic offenses to pay UNK at the local police station may be taken at Monday's special North Providence Town Council meeting. Council president Frank UNK said yesterday he may ask the council to formally request Town UNK Michael A& UNK to draft the UNK At the last session of the General Assembly, the town was authorized to adopt such an ordinance as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective. Nothing has been done yet to take advantage of the enabling legislation. At present all offenses must be taken to Sixth District Court for disposition. Local police have UNK to UNK them because of the heavy court costs involved even for the simplest UNK UNK James P& Mitchell and Sen& Walter H& Jones UNK last night UNK on the value of using as a campaign issue a remark by Richard J& UNK Democratic gubernatorial candidate, that the ~GOP is UNK on the carcass of Eisenhower UNK Mitchell was for using it, Jones UNK and Sen& Wayne UNK Jr& UNK did not mention it when the three Republican gubernatorial candidates spoke at staggered intervals before 100 persons at the Park Hotel. The controversial remark was first made Sunday by Hughes at a Westfield Young Democratic Club cocktail party at the UNK Plains Country Club. It was greeted with a chorus of UNK by 500 women in UNK Monday at a UNK of the State Federation of Women's UNK Hughes said Monday, "It is the apparent intention of the Republican Party to campaign on the carcass of what they call Eisenhower UNK but the heart stopped beating and the UNK UNK after Eisenhower retired. Now he's gone, the Republican Party is not going to be able to sell the UNK remains to the people of the state". Sunday he had added, "We can love Eisenhower the man, even if we considered him a mediocre president **h but there is nothing left of the Republican Party without his UNK Mitchell said the statement should become a major issue in the primary and the fall campaign. "How can a man with any degree of common decency charge this"? he asked. The former secretary of labor said he was proud to be an Eisenhower Republican "and proud to have absorbed his UNK while working in his UNK Mitchell said the UNK of the outcome in last UNK Presidential election did not mean that Eisenhower UNK was a dead issue. UNK UNK Jones said he regretted Hughes had made a personal attack on a past president. "He is wrong to inject Eisenhower into this UNK he said, "because the primary is being waged on state issues and I will not be forced into UNK an old national UNK The audience last night did not respond with either applause or UNK to mention of UNK remark. UNK spoke on the merit of having an open primary. He then launched into what the issues should be in the campaign. State aid to schools, the continuance of railroad passenger service, the proper uses of surplus funds of the Port of New York UNK and making New Jersey attractive to new industry. UNK UNK Mitchell UNK the high rate of unemployment in the state and said the Meyner administration and the UNK State Senate UNK share the blame for UNK Nothing that UNK last year had lost the UNK UNK Co& plant, he said industry will not come into this state until there is tax reform. "But I am not in favor of a sales or state income tax at this time", Mitchell said. Jones, unhappy that the candidates were limited to eight minutes for a speech and no audience questions, saved his UNK for UNK He said Mitchell is against the UNK of government in Washington but looks to the Kennedy Administration for aid to meet New Jersey school and transportation UNK "He calls for help while saying he is against UNK but you can't have it both UNK Jones said. The state is now faced with the immediate question of raising new taxes whether on utilities, real estate or motor vehicles, he said, "and I challenge Mitchell to tell the people where he stands on the tax UNK UNK UNK UNK Mitchell said in a UNK "I think that all Americans will resent deeply the statements made about President Eisenhower by Richard J& UNK His reference to UNK UNK or UNK UNK of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history, to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States, and who has been the symbol to the world of the UNK intentions of the free nations. "I find it hard to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste. "Such a vicious statement can only have its origin in the desire of a new political candidate to try to make his name known by condemning a man of world UNK It can only UNK to Mr& UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Sen& Charles W& UNK UNK May, said today Jones will run well ahead of his ~GOP opponents for the gubernatorial UNK UNK state campaign chairman for Jones, was addressing a meeting in the Military Park Hotel, Newark, of Essex County leaders and campaign managers for Jones. Sandman told the gathering that reports from workers on a local level all over the state indicate that Jones will be chosen the Republican UNK UNK with the largest majority given a candidate in recent years. Sandman said: "The announcement that Sen& Clifford Case UNK has decided to spend all his available time UNK for Mr& Mitchell is a dead UNK It is a desperate effort to UNK up a UNK candidate who has proven he cannot answer any questions about New UNK problems. "We have witnessed in this campaign the effort to project Mr& Mitchell as the image of a unity candidate from Washington. That failed. "We are now witnessing an effort to transfer to Mr& Mitchell some of the glow of Sen& UNK candidacy of last year. That, too, will UNK Sandman announced the appointment of Mrs& Harriet UNK UNK of 330 UNK Ave&, UNK as state chairman of the Republican Women for Jones Committee. Mrs& UNK is president of the Westfield Women's Republican Club and is a Westfield county UNK County UNK UNK R& UNK who is a candidate for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination, today called for an end to paper UNK in those counties in the state which still use them. The proposal, Sheets said, represents part of his program for election reforms necessary to make democracy in New Jersey more than a UNK service UNK Sheets said that his proposed law would offer state financing aid for the purchase of voting machines, enabling counties to repay the loan over a 10-year period without interest or charge. Sheets added that he would ask for exclusive use of voting machines in the state by January, UNK Although he pointed out that mandatory legislation impinging on home rule is basically UNK he added that the vital interest in election results UNK county lines. The candidacy of Mayor James J& UNK of West UNK for the Republican nomination for sheriff of Essex County, was supported today by Edward W& UNK West Orange public safety UNK UNK a lawyer and former ~FBI man is running against the Republican organization's candidate, UNK William UNK for the vacancy left by the resignation of Neil UNK now a member of the State Board of Tax UNK "My experience as public safety UNK UNK said, "has shown me that the office of sheriff is best filled by a man with law enforcement experience, and preferably one who is a lawyer. Jim UNK fits that UNK UNK William J& UNK state fire warden in the Department of Conservation and Economic UNK has retired after 36 years of service. A citation from Conservation Commissioner UNK A& UNK credits his supervision with a reduction in the number of forest fires in the state. UNK joined the department in 1925 as a division fire warden after graduation in 1921 from the University of Michigan with a degree in UNK and employment with private lumber companies. In October 1944, he was appointed state warden and chief of the Forest Fire Section. Under his UNK the state UNK agency developed such techniques as plowing of fire lines and established a fleet of tractor UNK and tractor units for fire fighting. He also expanded and modernized the radio system with a central control station. He introduced regular UNK sessions for district fire UNK and first aid training for section UNK He is credited with setting up an annual co-operative fire prevention program in co-operation with the Red Cross and State Department of Education. UNK Richard J& Hughes made his Morris County debut in his bid for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination here last night with a UNK "to carry the issues to every corner of the state". He promised nearly 200 Democratic county committee members at the meeting in the UNK UNK "When I come back here after the November election you'll think, UNK my man- you're the kind of governor we're glad we UNK He said, "We Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and UNK and not what is expedient at the time". UNK UNK In his only attack on the UNK Hughes said, "The three Republican candidates for governor are UNK over their feet for popular slogans to win the primary. But we'll have a liberal, well planned, forward UNK honest platform. We'll not talk out of one side of our mouth in Morris County and out of the other side in UNK "We'll take the truth to the people, and the people will like the truth and elect their candidate and party in UNK He said, "You can see signs of the UNK feeble attack on the Meyner administration. But I shall campaign on the Meyner record to meet the needs of the years UNK He urged New Jersey to UNK a full partner in the courageous actions of President UNK He called for a greater attraction of industry and a stop to the UNK of industry by Southern states, and a strong fight against discrimination in business and industry. "We must keep the UNK of New Jersey UNK the former Superior Court judge said. "To prevent UNK from UNK the state as they did in the Republican administration in the early UNK UNK the Democrats the UNK that lives, UNK and thinks for the good of the people", Hughes asked, "a representative Democratic vote in the primary for a UNK toward victory in UNK Hughes supported Gov& UNK UNK UNK plan for saving large tracts of open land from the onrush of urban development. He said legislation for a $60 million bond issue to UNK the program is expected to be introduced Monday. UNK UNK The plan will provide UNK million for purchase of open land by the state. The other $15 million is to be UNK to municipalities on a matching fund basis. Hughes said, "This is not a plan to conquer UNK but to conserve it", pointing out the state population has increased UNK each year since 1950. He said UNK County is rapidly changing and unless steps are taken to preserve the green areas, there will be no land left to UNK Hughes would not comment on tax reforms or other issues in which the Republican candidates are involved. He said no matter what stand he takes it would be UNK that he was sympathetic to one or the other of the Republicans. "After the UNK he UNK "I'll be explicit on where I stand to bring you a strong, dynamic administration. I'm not afraid to tangle with the Republican UNK UNK Fifteen members of the Republican State Committee who are UNK UNK this year were honored yesterday by their UNK The outgoing members, whose four-year terms will UNK a week after the April 18 primary election, received carved wooden elephants, complete with ivory UNK to remember the state committee by. There may be other 1961 state committee UNK come April 18, but they will be leaving by choice of the Republican voters. A special presentation was made to Mrs& UNK Thompson of Red Bank, who is stepping down after 35 years on the committee. She also was the original ~GOP national UNK from New Jersey in the early UNK following adoption of the women's suffrage UNK She served one four-year term on the national committee. UNK UNK up yesterday among Democratic district leaders and some county leaders at reports that Mayor Wagner had decided to seek a third term with Paul R& UNK and Abraham D& UNK as running UNK At the same time reaction among UNK Democratic leaders and in the Liberal party to the Mayor's reported plan was generally favorable. Some UNK Democrats saw in the program an opportunity to end the bitter internal fight within the Democratic party that has been going on for the last three years. The resentment among Democratic organization leaders to the reported Wagner plan was directed particularly at the Mayor's efforts to name his own running mates without consulting the leaders. Some viewed this attempt as evidence that Mr& Wagner regarded himself as bigger than the party. UNK UNK Some Democratic district and county leaders are reported trying to induce State Controller Arthur Levitt of Brooklyn to oppose Mr& Wagner for the UNK nomination in the Sept& 7 Democratic primary. These contend there is a serious question as to whether Mr& Wagner has the confidence of the Democratic rank and file in the city. Their view is that UNK changes the Mayor is proposing to make in the Democratic ticket only emphasize the weakness of his performance as UNK In an apparent effort to head off such a rival primary UNK Mr& Wagner talked by telephone yesterday with Representative Charles A& UNK the Bronx Democratic leader, and with Joseph T& UNK the Brooklyn Democratic leader. UNK UNK UNK As usual, he made no attempt to get in touch with UNK G& De UNK the Manhattan leader. He is publicly on record as believing Mr& De UNK should be replaced for the good of the party. Last night the Mayor visited Mr& Buckley at the Bronx leader's home for a discussion of the situation. Apparently he believes Mr& Buckley holds the key to the Democratic organization's acceptance of his choices for running mates without a struggle. In talks with Mr& Buckley last week in Washington, the Mayor apparently received the Bronx leader's UNK to dropping Controller Lawrence E& UNK who lives in the UNK from this year's UNK But Mr& Buckley seems to have assumed he would be given the right to pick Mr& UNK UNK UNK AND UNK UNK The Mayor declined in two interviews with reporters yesterday to confirm or deny the reports that he had decided to run and wanted Mr& UNK who lives in UNK to replace UNK UNK the UNK as the candidate for President of the City Council and Mr& UNK who lives in Brooklyn, to replace Mr& UNK as the candidate for UNK The Mayor spoke yesterday at the United Irish UNK UNK on the Hunter College UNK in the UNK After his speech, reporters asked him about the report of his political UNK published in yesterday's New York Times. The Mayor said: "It didn't come from me. But as I have said before, if I announce my UNK I will have something definite to say about running UNK UNK JUNE UNK A wave of public resentment against corruption in government is rising in Massachusetts. There is a tangible feeling in the air of UNK toward politics. The taxi driver taking the visitor from the airport remarks that politicians in the state are "all the UNK "It's UNK UNK see UNK he says. "The hand is out". A political scientist writes of the growth of UNK UNK who UNK that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are UNK selfish and beyond popular control. **h These voters view the political process as a secret conspiracy, the object of which is to UNK them". UNK is hardly a recent development in the city and state that were widely identified as the UNK of Edwin UNK novel, "The Last UNK But there are reasons for the current spotlight on the subject. A succession of highly publicized scandals has aroused the public within the last year. UNK in the construction of highways and other public works has brought on state and Federal investigations. And the election of President Kennedy has attracted new attention to the ethical climate of his home state. A reader of the Boston newspapers can hardly escape the impression that UNK UNK or worse, is the norm in Massachusetts public life. Day after day some new episode is reported. The state Public Works Department is accused of having spent UNK to build a private beach for a state judge on his waterfront property. An assistant attorney general is directed to UNK _WASHINGTON, JUNE 18_- Congress starts another week tomorrow with sharply contrasting forecasts for the two chambers. In the Senate, several bills are expected to pass without any major conflict or opposition. In the House, the UNK coalition is expected to make another major stand in opposition to the Administration's housing bill, while more UNK is expected in an attempt to advance the UNK bill. The housing bill is now in the House Rules Committee. It is expected to be reported out Tuesday, but this is a little UNK The UNK action depends on the return of Representative James W& UNK Democrat of Arkansas, who has been siding with Speaker Sam UNK forces in the Rules Committee in moving bills to the floor. Mr& UNK has been in the hospital but is expected back Tuesday. UNK IS UNK The housing bill is expected to encounter strong opposition by the coalition of Southern Democrats and conservative Republicans. The Democratic leadership, however, hopes to pass it sometime this week. The UNK measure, which was passed last Monday by the Senate, provides for UNK mortgages at low UNK for UNK families. It also provides for funds to clear slums and help colleges build UNK The education bill appears to be temporarily UNK in the Rules Committee, where two Northern Democratic members who usually vote with the Administration are UNK because of the religious UNK They are James J& UNK of UNK and Thomas P& UNK Jr& of Massachusetts. UNK UNK TO UNK What could rescue the bill would be some quick progress on a bill UNK the National Defense Education Act of 1958. This would provide for long-term Federal loans for construction of parochial and other UNK facilities for teaching science, languages and mathematics. Mr& UNK and Mr& UNK are not willing to vote on the UNK measure until the defense education bill UNK the House Education and Labor Committee. About half of all Peace Corps projects assigned to voluntary agencies will be carried out by religious groups, according to an official of the UNK In the UNK budget that has been submitted for Congressional approval, UNK would be spent through universities and private voluntary agencies. UNK projects proposed by private groups are at the UNK stage, Gordon UNK director of relations with the voluntary agencies, said in a Washington interview. Six of these were proposed by religious groups. They will be for teaching, agriculture and community development in Southeast Asia, Africa, the Middle East and Latin America. UNK UNK UNK with several church leaders have disclosed that this development has raised the question whether the Peace Corps will be able to prevent confusion for church and state over methods, means and goals. There are a number of ways this could happen, the churchmen pointed out, and here is an example: Last month in UNK an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been UNK When he UNK the hotel owner said: "Why do you UNK The U& S& Government is paying for it. The U& S& Government pays for all its overseas UNK UNK UNK "I don't work for the UNK the American said. "I'm a UNK The hotel owner UNK UNK thing", he said. And then, some churchmen UNK there is a more classical UNK problem: Can religious agencies use Government funds and Peace Corps personnel in their projects and still preserve the constitutional requirement on separation of church and UNK R& Sargent UNK Jr&, director of the corps, is certain that they can. No religious group, he declared in an interview, will receive Peace Corps funds unless it UNK all UNK on the project it UNK UNK JUNE 18_- At a gay party in the Kremlin for President UNK of Indonesia, Premier Khrushchev pulled out his pockets and said, UNK UNK he took everything I UNK Mr& Khrushchev was UNK in the UNK mood of the successful UNK Indonesia is one of the twenty UNK countries of Asia, Africa and Latin America that are receiving Soviet aid. The Soviet Union and other members of the Communist bloc are rapidly expanding their economic, technical and military assistance to the UNK nations. The Communist countries allocated more than UNK in economic aid alone last year, according to Western UNK This was the biggest annual UNK since the Communist program for the UNK countries made its modest beginning in 1954. In 1960 more than 6,000 Communist technicians were present in those countries. UNK UNK N& Y&, JUNE 18_- A committee of experts has recommended that a country's population be considered in the distribution of professional posts at the United Nations. This was disclosed today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the Soviet Union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the United Nations. One effect of the proposal, which puts a premium on population instead of economic strength, as in the past, would be to take jobs from European nations and give more to such countries as India. India is the most populous United Nations member with more than UNK UNK The new formula for filling staff positions in the Secretariat is one of a number of recommendations made by a panel of eight in a long and detailed report. The report was completed after nearly eighteen months of work on the question of the organization of the United Nations. UNK IS UNK THIS UNK The Advisory Committee on Administrative and UNK Questions is expected to receive the report this week. The jobs formula is understood to follow these UNK _@_ Each of the organization's UNK members would get two professional posts, such as political affairs officer, a department head or an UNK to start. #@# Each member would get one post for each UNK people in its population up to UNK people or a maximum of fifteen UNK #@# Each member with a population above UNK would get one additional post for each additional UNK people up to an unspecified UNK point. UNK JUNE 18_- The three leaders of Laos agreed today to begin negotiations tomorrow on forming a coalition government that would unite the UNK kingdom. The decision was made in UNK by Prince Boun UNK Premier of the pro-Western royal UNK Prince Souvanna UNK leader of the nation's UNK and recognized as Premier by the Communist UNK and Prince UNK head of the pro-Communist Pathet Lao forces. The latter two are UNK Their joint statement was welcomed by the Western UNK who will attend tomorrow the nineteenth UNK session of the UNK conference on the future of Laos. An agreement among the UNK on a coalition government would ease their task, diplomats UNK But no one was overly UNK UNK UNK IN UNK W& UNK UNK of the United States, Malcolm UNK of Britain, Maurice UNK de UNK France's Foreign UNK and Howard C& Green, UNK Minister of External Affairs, concluded, UNK a round of UNK here on future tactics in the conference. The pace of the talks has slowed with each passing week. Princess UNK Prince Souvanna UNK young daughter, read the UNK statement. They had a two-hour luncheon together in "an atmosphere of cordial understanding and UNK she said. The three UNK agreed upon a UNK agenda for their talks, which are to last three days. The Princess said it was too early to say what would be decided if no agreement was reached after three days. #TO UNK WITH UNK The meetings in UNK the statement said, would deal only with principles that would guide the three factors in their search for a coalition Government. UNK of William S& Pfaff Jr&, 41, as promotion manager of The UNK UNK Company was announced Saturday by John F& UNK president of the company. Pfaff succeeds Martin Burke, who UNK The new promotion manager has been employed by the company since January, 1946, as a commercial artist in the advertising department. He is a native of New Orleans and attended Allen Elementary school, UNK High school and UNK business college. From June, 1942, until December, 1945, Pfaff served in the Army Air Corps. While in the service he attended radio school at Scott Field in UNK UNK Before entering the service, Pfaff for five years did clerical work with a general merchandising and wholesale firm in New Orleans. He is married to the former UNK UNK and has a daughter, UNK 13. They UNK at UNK Miles UNK _WASHINGTON_- Thousands of UNK seats are being erected along Pennsylvania Avenue between the Capitol and the White House for the big inaugural parade on Jan& 20. Assuming the weather is halfway decent that day, hundreds of thousands of persons will mass along this UNK as President John F& Kennedy and retiring President Dwight D& Eisenhower leave Capitol Hill following the UNK ceremonies and ride down this historic UNK UNK Pennsylvania Avenue, named for one of the original 13 states, perhaps is not the most impressive street in the District of Columbia from a commercial UNK But from a historic viewpoint none can approach it. UNK UNK Within view of the avenue are some of the United States government's tremendous buildings, plus shrines and UNK Of course, 1600 Pennsylvania, the White House, is the most famous address of the free world. Within an easy walk from Capitol Hill where Pennsylvania Avenue comes together with Constitution Avenue, begins a series of great federal buildings, some a block long and all about UNK high. Great chapters of history have been recorded along the UNK now about UNK years old. In the early spring of 1913 a few hundred thousand persons turned out to watch 5000 women UNK They were the UNK and they wanted to vote. In the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time. UNK ON SQUARE# Along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the War Between the States returning in 1865 is the National UNK building where hundreds of thousands of this country's most valuable records are kept. Also the department of justice building is located where J& UNK UNK UNK over the federal bureau of investigation. Street car tracks run down the center of Pennsylvania, UNK with lines that are UNK Many spectators will be occupying seats and vantage points bordering Lafayette Square, opposite the White House. In this historic square are several statutes, but the one that stands out over the others is that of Gen& Andrew Jackson, hero of the Battle of New Orleans. Moving past the presidential viewing stand and Lafayette Square will be at least 40 marching units. About 16,000 military members of all branches of the armed forces will take part in the UNK Division one of the parade will be the service UNK Division two will include the representations of Massachusetts and Texas, the respective states of the President and of Vice-President L& B& Johnson. Then will come nine other states in the order of their admission to the union. Division three will be headed by the UNK followed by 12 UNK division four will be headed by the Navy, followed by 11 UNK division five, by the Air Force followed by 11 states. Division six will be headed by the Coast UNK followed by the reserve forces of all services, five states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American UNK the trust territories and the UNK UNK UNK UNK What does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in UNK Even for those who have been observing the political scene a long time, no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political future. This is largely because of the UNK of the man who operates the UNK of the state government and is the elected leader of its two million UNK Gov& Ross UNK Barnett, who came into office with no previous experience in public administration, has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well. Consequently, it is uncertain after nearly 12 months in office just which direction the Barnett administration will take in the coming year. UNK BE UNK Some predict the administration will settle down during 1961 and iron out the rough edges which it has had thus far. The UNK UNK of the Barnett regime thus far has been the steady stream of UNK and others who feel they were given commitments by Barnett at some stage of his UNK quest for the governor's office. There are many who predict that should Barnett decide to call the Legislature back into special session, it will really throw his administration into a UNK Certainly nobody will predict that the next time the lawmakers come back together Barnett will be able to enjoy a UNK of the strange but successful UNK he had in the 1960 legislative session. If Barnett doesn't call a special session in 1961, it will be the first year in the last decade that the Legislature has not met in regular or special session. The odds favor a special session, more than likely early in the year. UNK UNK Legislators always get restless for a special session UNK for the UNK or the UNK per UNK is not UNK and if they start UNK Barnett is not expected to be able to withstand the pressure. The issue which may make it necessary to have a session is the highly sensitive problem of cutting the state's congressional districts from six to five to eliminate one congressional seat. With eyes focused on the third congressional district, the historic Delta district, and Congressman Frank E& Smith as the one most likely to go, the UNK battle will put to a test the longstanding power which lawmakers from the Delta have held in the Legislature. UNK relations with the national Democratic party will be at a crossroads during 1961, with the first Democratic president in eight years in the White House. UNK badly during the recent presidential election into almost equally divided camps of party UNK and UNK the Democratic party in Mississippi is currently a UNK And there has been no effort since the election to pull it back together. UNK UNK Barnett, as the UNK head of the Democratic party, apparently must make the move to UNK relations with the national Democratic party or see a movement come from the UNK ranks to completely bypass him as a party UNK With a Democratic administration, party patronage would normally begin to flow to Mississippi if it had held its Democratic solidarity in the November election. Now, the picture is UNK and even ~US UNK James O& UNK and John C& UNK who remained loyal to the UNK are uncertain of their status. Reports are that it is more than probability that the four congressmen from Mississippi who did not support the party ticket will be stripped of the usual patronage which flows to UNK UNK UNK UNK The Gov& UNK H& Davis administration appears to face a difficult year in 1961, with the governor's theme of peace and harmony subjected to severe UNK The year will probably start out with segregation still the most troublesome issue. But it might give way shortly to another UNK UNK that of finances in state government. The transition from segregation to finances might already be in progress, in the form of an administration proposal to hike the state sales tax from 2 per cent to 3 per cent. The administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation UNK since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a grant in aid program. But the UNK of the administration in making the dedication has caused legislators to suspect the tax bill was related more directly to an over-all shortage of cash than to segregation. UNK UNK Indeed, the UNK curious position on the sales tax was a major factor in contributing to its defeat. The administration could not say why $28 million was needed for a grant-in-aid program. The effectiveness of the governor in clearing up some of the UNK revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can UNK the required two-thirds vote. The tax bill will be up for reconsideration Wednesday in the House when the Legislature UNK Davis may use the tax bill as a means to effect a transition from special sessions of the Legislature to UNK If it fails to pass, he can throw up his hands and say the Legislature would not support him in his efforts to prevent integration. He could terminate special sessions of the Legislature. Actually, Davis would have to toss in the towel soon anyway. Many legislators are already weary and frustrated over the UNK losing battle to block token integration. This is not the sort of thing most UNK would care to acknowledge publicly. They would like to convey the notion something is being done, even though it is something they know to be UNK UNK UNK UNK of the sales tax measure would also give Davis the means to effect a transition. He could tell the Legislature they had provided the needed funds to carry on the battle. Then he could tell them to go home, while the administration continued to wage the battle with the $28 million in extra revenues the sales tax measure would bring in over an eight months period. It is difficult to be certain how the administration views that $28 million, since the views of one leader may not be the same as the views of another one. But if the administration should find it does not need the $28 million for a grant-in-aid program, a not unlikely conclusion, it could very well seek a way to use the money for other purposes. This would be in perfect UNK with the underlying concern in the UNK the shortage of cash. It could become an acute problem in the coming fiscal year. If the administration does not succeed in passing the sales tax bill, or any other tax bill, it could very well be faced this spring at the fiscal session of the Legislature with an interesting dilemma. Since the constitution forbids introduction of a tax bill at a fiscal session, the administration will either have to cut down expenses or UNK its estimates of anticipated revenues. UNK UNK In either case, it could call a special session of the Legislature later in 1961 to make another UNK at raising additional revenues through a tax UNK The prospect of cutting back spending is an unpleasant one for any governor. It is one that most try to UNK as long as they can see an alternative approach to the problem. But if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off, it can be expected the Davis administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legislature. This might be done to arouse those who have been squeezed out by the UNK to exert pressure on the Legislature, so it would be more UNK to a tax proposal later in the year. A constant problem confronting Davis on any proposals for new taxes will be the charge by his foes that he has not tried to UNK Any tax bill also will revive allegations that some of his followers have been using their administration affiliations UNK to profit themselves. The new year might see some UNK either genuine or UNK depending upon developments, to give Davis an opportunity to combat some of these criticisms. City Controller Alexander Hemphill charged Tuesday that the bids on the UNK UNK repair project were UNK to the advantage of a private UNK company which had "an inside UNK with the city. UNK of the city's loss in the UNK job have ranged as high as UNK UNK UNK Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel UNK Co& contracted to do the work at an UNK low cost with a bid that was far less than the UNK bids of competing UNK The Hughes concern then took UNK on the project but got paid anyway, Hemphill said. The UNK charge of UNK was the latest development in an investigation which also brought these UNK UNK {The city has sued for the full amount of the UNK performance bond covering the contract. The Philadelphia Transportation Co& is investigating the part its organization played in reviewing the project. The UNK of Harold V& UNK former director of architecture and engineering in the Department of Public UNK appeared on payment UNK UNK work on the project. UNK has been fired on charges of accepting gifts from the UNK UNK Director Donald C& Wagner has agreed to cooperate fully with Hemphill after a period of sharp disagreement on the UNK The announcement that the city would sue for recovery on the performance bond was made by City UNK David Berger at a press conference following a meeting in the morning with Wagner and other officials of the city and the UNK as well as representatives of an engineering firm that was pulled off the El project before its completion in 1959. UNK UNK The Hughes company and the UNK UNK Inc&, both of UNK N& 2d st&, filed for reorganization under the Federal bankruptcy law. On Monday, the Hughes concern was formally declared UNK after its directors indicated they could not draw up a plan for reorganization. Business relations between the companies and city have been under investigation by Hemphill and District Attorney James C& UNK Jr&. UNK IN CASE# The suit was filed later in the day in Common UNK Court 7 against the Hughes company and two UNK firms. UNK UNK Co& and the Continental UNK Co&. At Berger's direction, the city also intervened in the Hughes bankruptcy case in U& S& District Court in a move preliminary to filing a claim there. "I am taking the position that the contract was clearly UNK Berger said. The contract UNK mostly involve failure to perform rehabilitation work on expansion joints along the El track. The contract called for UNK of UNK joints. The city paid for work on UNK of which no more than 21 were UNK Hemphill UNK UNK RANGE IN UNK Hemphill said the Hughes concern contracted to do the repairs at a cost of $500 for each joint. The bid from A& UNK and Sons of Cambridge, Mass&, which listed the same officers as UNK was $600 per joint. But, Hemphill added, bids from other UNK ranged from UNK to UNK per joint. Berger's decision to sue for the full amount of the performance bond was questioned by Wagner in the morning press conference. Wagner said the city paid only UNK to the Hughes company. "We won't know the full amount until we get a full UNK Wagner said. "We can claim on the maximum amount of the UNK Berger said. Wagner replied, UNK you just see the UNK UNK UNK for UNK UNK UNK TO UNK Berger insisted that "we know enough to sue for the full UNK Douglas M& UNK president of the UNK who attended the meeting, said the transit company is reviewing the work on the UNK "We want to find out who knew about it", Pratt said. UNK people must have known about it". "The UNK is investigating the whole UNK Pratt said. Samuel D& UNK representing the Philadelphia Hotel Association, objected on Tuesday to a proposed boost by the city in licensing fees, saying that UNK rates in major hotels here ranged from 48 to 74 percent last year. Goodis voiced his objection before City Council's Finance Committee. For hotels with 1000 rooms, the increased license fee would mean an expense of $5000 a year, Goodis said. UNK AT UNK His testimony came during a hearing on a bill raising fees for a wide variety of UNK permits and city services. The new fees are expected to raise an additional UNK in the remainder of 1961 and UNK more a year after that. The ordinance would increase the fee for rooming houses, hotels and UNK dwellings to $5 a room. The cost of a license now is UNK with an annual renewal fee of UNK Goodis said that single rooms account for 95 percent of the UNK in some UNK UNK UNK The city expects the higher rooming house, hotel and apartment house fees to bring in an additional UNK a year. The increase also was opposed by Leonard UNK spokesman for the Home UNK Association of Philadelphia, on behalf of association members who operate apartment houses. A proposal to raise dog license fees drew an objection from UNK Virginia UNK who formerly raised UNK dogs. The ordinance would increase fees from $1 for males and $2 for females to a flat $5 a dog. UNK UNK Mrs& UNK said she did not think dog owners should be UNK for the city's services to animal care. In reply, Deputy Police Commissioner Howard R& UNK said that the city spends more than UNK annually to license and UNK dogs but collects only UNK in UNK He reported that the city's contributions for animal care included UNK to the Women's UNK $15,000 to pay six policemen assigned as dog UNK and $15,000 to investigate dog UNK UNK HIGHER UNK City Finance Director Richard J& UNK UNK the higher fees, which, he said, had been under study for more than a year. The city is not adequately compensated for the services covered by the fees, he said. The new fee schedule also was supported by Commissioner of UNK and UNK UNK UNK and Health Commissioner Eugene A& UNK UNK asking for a jail term for UNK attorney Julian W& Barnard will be presented to the Montgomery County Court Friday, it was disclosed Tuesday by UNK A& UNK counsel for the widow of the man killed last Nov& 1 by UNK UNK car. The petitions will be presented in open court to President Judge William F& UNK UNK said. UNK who pleaded no defense to UNK and UNK charges, was fined $500 by Judge Warren K& UNK and placed on two years' probation providing he does not drive during that time. He was caught driving the day after the sentence was pronounced and given a UNK UNK of the accident was Robert Lee UNK UNK His widow started the circulation of petitions after Barnard was UNK for violating the UNK The City Planning Commission on Tuesday approved agreements between two UNK and the Redevelopment Authority for the purchase of land in the UNK Eastwick Redevelopment Area project. The commission also approved a novel plan that would eliminate traffic hazards for UNK in the project. One of the agreements calls for the New Eastwick Corp& to purchase a UNK acre tract for UNK The tract is bounded by Island ave&, UNK ave&, UNK st&, and Eastwick UNK UNK UNK UNK It is designated as UNK 1 Residential on the Redevelopment Authority's master plan and will feature row houses, garden apartments, four small parks, schools, churches, a shopping center and several small clusters of UNK The corporation was formed by the Reynolds UNK Co& and the Samuel A& and Henry A& Berger firm, a Philadelphia builder, for work in the project. The second agreement permits the authority to sell a UNK tract west of UNK 1 Residential to Philadelphia UNK Eastwick Corp&, a firm composed of 10 Philadelphia area UNK which is interested in developing part of the project. UNK UNK UNK The plan for eliminating traffic hazards for UNK was developed by Dr& UNK A& UNK former Minister of UNK in Greece and a consulting UNK for the New Eastwick Corp&. The plan calls for dividing the project into 16 sectors which would be barred to UNK traffic. It provides for a series of UNK UNK and a central esplanade that would eventually run through the center of the entire UNK length of the project. The esplanade eliminates UNK ave&, which on original plans ran through the center of the development. The esplanade would feature pedestrian bridges over roads in the project. UNK UNK UNK FEB& 9 (~UPI)_- The president of the Kansas City local of the International Association of Fire UNK was UNK injured today when a bomb tore his car apart as he left home for work. UNK Chief UNK M& UNK 42, the central figure in a representation dispute between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union, suffered multiple UNK of both UNK He was in Baptist Memorial hospital. UNK UNK UNK UNK The UNK chief said he had just gotten into his 1958 model automobile to move it from the driveway of his home so that he could take his other car to work. "I'd just turned on the UNK when there was a big flash and I was lying on the UNK he said. UNK wife and two of his UNK John, 17, and UNK 13, were inside the house. The younger boy said the blast knocked him out of bed and against the wall. UNK UNK OVER UNK The explosion sent the hood of the car flying over the roof of the house. The left front wheel landed 100 feet away. Police laboratory technicians said the explosive device, containing either UNK or UNK was apparently placed under the left front wheel. It was first believed the bomb was UNK to the UNK UNK UNK had been the target of threatening telephone calls in recent months and reportedly received one last night. The fire department here has been torn for months by UNK involving top personnel and the fight between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union. UNK UNK ON UNK UNK has been an outspoken critic of the present city administration and led his UNK battle against the UNK which began organizing city UNK in 1959. The fire fighters association here offered a $5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for the UNK A $500 reward was offered by the UNK local in Kansas City, UNK The association said it would post 24 hour guards at UNK home and at those of James UNK and Eugene UNK UNK is UNK of the local and UNK is a member of its executive committee. Both have been active in the association. UNK UNK UNK 24 (~AP)_- Turkish political leaders bowed today to military pressure and agreed to form an emergency national front government with Gen& UNK Gursel as president. An agreement between the leaders of four parties which UNK UNK elections on Oct& 15 was reached after almost 18 hours of political bargaining under the threat of an army coup UNK UNK the military junta which has ruled UNK since the overthrow of Premier UNK UNK 17 months ago, the army general staff, led by Gen& UNK UNK had set a deadline for the parties to join in a national coalition government. The army leaders threatened to form a new military government if the parties failed to sign an eight point UNK agreeing on Gen& Gursel as president. Gen& Gursel has headed the military junta the last 17 months. The military also had demanded pledges that there would be no changes in the laws passed by the junta and no leaders of the UNK regime now in prison would be UNK Party leaders came out of the final meeting apparently satisfied and stated that complete agreement had been reached on a solution to the crisis created by the elections which left no party with enough strength to form a government on its own. Vincent G& UNK has been appointed temporary assistant district attorney, it was announced Monday by Charles E& Raymond, District UNK UNK will replace UNK D& UNK who has been called to active military service but is expected back on the job by March 31. UNK 29, has been practicing in Portland since November, 1959. He is a graduate of Portland University and the Northwestern College of UNK He is married and the father of three children. UNK foreign countries to build a sound political structure is more important than aiding them UNK E& M& Martin, assistant secretary of state for economic affairs told members of the World Affairs Council Monday night. Martin, who has been in office in Washington, D& C&, for 13 months spoke at the UNK annual meeting at the Multnomah Hotel. He told some 350 persons that the United States' challenge was to help countries build their own societies their own ways, following their own UNK "We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which, if not UNK is congenial with UNK he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack UNK and UNK UNK NEEDED# UNK that the countries have a freedom of choice, he said, was the biggest UNK to the Soviet Union. He cited East Germany where after 15 years of Soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in, and added, "so long as people UNK we must not give up". Martin called for patience on the part of Americans. "The countries are trying to build in a decade the kind of society we took a century to UNK he said. By leaving our doors open the United States gives other peoples the opportunity to see us and to UNK he said. UNK HELP UNK "We have no reason to fear failure, but we must be extraordinarily UNK the assistant secretary said. UNK Martin said, the United States could best help foreign countries by helping them help themselves. Private business is more effective than government aid, he explained, because individuals are able to work with the people themselves. The United States must plan to absorb the UNK goods of the country, at what he termed a "social UNK Martin said the government has been working to establish firmer prices on primary products which may involve the total income of one country. The Portland school board was asked Monday to take a positive stand towards developing and coordinating with UNK civil defense more plans for the city's schools in event of attack. But there seemed to be some difference of opinion as to how far the board should go, and whose advice it should follow. The board members, after hearing the coordination plea from Mrs& Ralph H& UNK UNK ~SW UNK UNK said they thought they had already been UNK Chairman C& Richard UNK pointed out that perhaps this was not strictly a school board problem, in case of atomic attack, but that the board would cooperate so far as possible to get the children to where the parents wanted them to go. Dr& Melvin W& Barnes, superintendent, said he thought the schools were waiting for some leadership, perhaps on the national level, to make sure that whatever steps of planning they took would UNK more UNK and that he had found that other school districts were not as far along in their planning as this district. UNK Angeles has said they would send the children to their homes in case of UNK he said. "Nobody really expects to UNK I think everybody is agreed that we need to hear some voice on the national level that would make some sense and in which we would have some confidence in following. Mrs& UNK who kept UNK her request that they UNK take a UNK said, "We must have faith in UNK on the local level, and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children". Dr& Barnes said that there seemed to be feeling that evacuation plans, even for a high school where there were lots of cars UNK not be realistic and would not work". Mrs& UNK asked again that the board join in taking a stand in keeping with Jack UNK program. The board said it thought it had gone as far as instructed so far and asked for more information to be brought at the next meeting. It was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done, is going to be done and what it thought should be done. UNK (~AP)_- The statewide meeting of war mothers Tuesday in Salem will hear a UNK from Gov& Mark UNK UNK also is scheduled to hold a public United Nations Day reception in the state UNK on Tuesday. His schedule calls for a noon speech Monday in Eugene at the UNK Empire UNK Club. He will speak to Willamette University Young Republicans Thursday night in UNK On Friday he will go to Portland for the UNK in of Dean UNK as Multnomah County Circuit UNK He will attend a meeting of the Republican State Central Committee Saturday in Portland and see the UNK football game. Beaverton School District No& 48 board members examined UNK and specifications for two proposed junior high schools at a Monday night workshop session. A bond issue which would have provided some UNK million for construction of the two UNK schools was defeated by district voters in UNK Last week the board, by a 4 to 3 vote, decided to ask voters whether they prefer the UNK UNK high UNK system or the UNK system. Board members indicated Monday night this would be done by an advisory poll to be taken on Nov& 15, the same date as a UNK bond election for the construction of three new elementary schools. Secretary of Labor Arthur Goldberg will speak Sunday night at the Masonic Temple at a UNK dinner honoring Sen& Wayne L& Morse, UNK The dinner is sponsored by organized labor and is scheduled for 7 p&m&. Secretary Goldberg and Sen& Morse will hold a joint press conference at the Roosevelt Hotel at UNK p&m& Sunday, UNK Whipple, executive secretary of the Democratic Party of Oregon, reported Tuesday. Other speakers for the fund-raising dinner include UNK Edith Green and Al UNK Labor Commissioner Norman UNK and Mayor Terry UNK all Democrats. UNK UNK (SPECIAL)_- Three positions on the Oak Lodge Water district board of directors have attracted 11 candidates. The election will be Dec& 4 from 8 a&m& to 8 p&m&. UNK will be in the water office. UNK Richard UNK seeks UNK and is opposed by Donald UNK for the five-year term. UNK William UNK is opposed in his UNK bid by Barbara UNK Miles C& UNK and Frank Lee. Five candidates seek the place UNK by Secretary Hugh G& UNK UNK this two-year term are James UNK Dwight M& UNK James C& UNK UNK UNK and Theodore W& UNK A stronger stand on their beliefs and a firmer grasp on their future were taken Friday by delegates to the 29th general council of the Assemblies of God, in session at the Memorial UNK The council UNK in an effort to UNK the UNK 16 basic beliefs adopted in UNK The changes, unanimously adopted, were felt necessary in the face of modern trends away from the Bible. The council agreed it should more firmly state its belief in and dependence on the Bible. At the UNK the Rev& T& F& UNK general superintendent, commented, "The Assemblies of God has been a bulwark for UNK in these modern days and has, without compromise, stood for the great UNK of the Bible for which men in the past have been willing to give their UNK #NEW UNK UNK Many changes involved minor editing and UNK however, the first belief stood for entire revision with a new third point added to the list. The first of 16 beliefs of the UNK now reads: "The UNK both Old and New Testament, are verbally inspired of God and are the revelation of God to man, the UNK authoritative rule of faith and conduct". The third belief, in six points, emphasizes the UNK of the Lord Jesus Christ, UNK - emphasizes the Virgin birth - the sinless life of Christ - His miracles - His UNK work on the cross - His bodily UNK from the dead - and His UNK to the right hand of God. UNK UNK UNK Friday afternoon the Rev& T& F& UNK was UNK for his second consecutive two-year term as general superintendent of Assemblies of God. His offices are in UNK Mo&. Election came on the UNK UNK Friday night the delegates heard the need for their forthcoming program, UNK scheduled to fill the churches for the next two years. In his opening address Wednesday the Rev& Mr& UNK urged the delegates to consider a 10-year expansion program, with UNK the theme for the first two years. The Rev& R& L& Brandt, national secretary of the home missions department, stressed the need for the first two years' work. UNK show that one out of three Americans has vital contact with the church. This means that more than 100 million have no vital touch with the church or religious life", he told delegates Friday. UNK UNK UNK UNK of the rapid population growth UNK of 12,000 babies born UNK with an immigrant entering the United States every 1-1/2 minutes, he said "our organization has not been keeping pace with this UNK "In 35 years we have opened UNK UNK the Rev& Mr& Brandt said, adding that the denomination had a national goal of one church for every 10,000 persons. "In this light we need 1,000 churches in Illinois, where we have UNK 800 in Southern New England, we have UNK we need 100 in Rhode Island, we have UNK he said. To step up the UNK program, the Rev& Mr& Brandt suggested the vision of 8,000 new Assemblies of God churches in the next 10 years. To accomplish this would necessitate some changes in methods, he said. UNK UNK UNK "The UNK ability to change her methods is going to determine her ability to meet the challenge of this UNK A capsule view of proposed plans UNK - UNK by every means, all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches. - UNK mature, experienced men to pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers. - UNK pioneer pastors with vocational volunteers UNK who will be urged to move into the area of new churches in the interest of lending their support to the new UNK - UNK for UNK graduates to spend from UNK months as UNK in well-established churches. U&S& UNK Judge Charles L& Powell denied all motions made by defense attorneys Monday in UNK insurance UNK trial. UNK were of motions of UNK UNK UNK separate trial, UNK striking of testimony and directed verdict. In denying motions for UNK Judge Powell stated that mass trials have been upheld as proper in other courts and that "a person may join a conspiracy without knowing who all of the UNK UNK Attorney Dwight L& UNK in behalf of defendant Philip UNK argued there is no evidence linking UNK to the conspiracy, but Judge Powell declared this is a matter for the jury to UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK also declared there is no proof of UNK entering a conspiracy to use the U&S& mails to UNK to which federal UNK A& Lawrence UNK replied: "It is not necessary that a defendant actually have UNK to use the U&S& mails to UNK as long as there is evidence of a conspiracy, and the mails were then used to carry it out". In the afternoon, defense attorneys began the presentation of their cases with opening statements, some of which had been UNK until after the government had called witnesses and presented its case. _MIAMI, FLA&, MARCH 17_- The Orioles tonight retained the distinction of being the only UNK team among the eighteen UNK clubs as they dropped their sixth straight spring exhibition decision, this one to the Kansas City UNK by a score of 5 to 3. UNK as late as the top of the sixth were that the Birds were to end their victory UNK as they UNK along with a UNK advantage. UNK UNK UNK Over the first five frames, Jack UNK the big UNK who figures to be in the middle of Oriole plans for a drive on the 1961 American League UNK held the ~A's UNK while yielding three scattered UNK Then Dick UNK UNK UNK entered the contest and only five UNK needed to face him before there existed a UNK UNK A UNK homer by Norm UNK and a solo blast by Bill UNK tied the game, and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the UNK their fifth victory in eight starts. UNK UNK UNK With one down in the UNK Marv Throneberry drew a walk and stole second as Hyde fanned UNK UNK Frank UNK throw in an effort to UNK Throneberry was wide and in the UNK Then Heywood Sullivan, Kansas City UNK singled up the middle and Throneberry was across with what proved to be the winning run. UNK southpaw George UNK relieved Hyde at the start of the ninth and gave up the ~A's fifth tally on a walk to second baseman Dick UNK a wild UNK and Frank UNK single under UNK Jerry UNK glove into center. The Orioles once again performed at the plate in UNK fashion, gathering only seven blows off the UNK of three Kansas City UNK Three were UNK Brooks Robinson getting a pair and Marv Breeding one. UNK UNK Bill UNK Bob Hartman and Ed UNK did the mound chores for the club down from West Palm Beach to play the game before UNK paying customers in Miami Stadium. The Birds got five hits and all three of their runs off UNK before Hartman took over in the top of the UNK UNK purchased by the ~A's from the Milwaukee UNK last fall, allowed no hits in his UNK UNK appearance, and UNK the triumph. UNK a UNK UNK gave up the UNK last two UNK over the final three frames, escaping a load of trouble in the ninth when the Birds threatened but failed to UNK UNK UNK UNK In the UNK Robinson led off with his second double of the night, a blast off the fence 375 feet deep into left. UNK UNK performing in right as the Orioles UNK possibly their strongest team of the spring, worked UNK for a base on UNK Then three consecutive UNK failed to produce. Pete Ward was sent in for House and, after failing in a bunt UNK UNK to UNK on the grass back of UNK John UNK batting for UNK fanned after fouling off two UNK pitches, and UNK UNK up for UNK bounced out sharply to Jerry Lumpe at second to end the UNK contest. The Orioles got a run in the first inning when UNK along with Robinson, the two Birds who got a pair of hits, doubled to right center, moved to third on UNK UNK single to right and crossed on UNK wild pitch into the dirt in front of the UNK The Flock added a pair of UNK in the third on three straight hits after two were out. Jackie Brandt singled deep into the hole at short to start the UNK UNK UNK Jim Gentile bounced a hard shot off UNK glove and beat it out for a single, and when Lumpe grabbed the ball and threw it over first baseman UNK head Brandt took third and Gentile second on the error. Then Robinson slammed a long double to left center to score both UNK When Robinson tried to stretch his blow into a UNK he was cut down in a close play at third, UNK to UNK UNK The detailed rundown on the Kansas City scoring in the sixth went like this: Lumpe worked a walk as the first UNK to face Hyde and UNK around as UNK UNK UNK next toss UNK feet over the UNK in right center. UNK UNK UNK singled on a UNK ball to short which Robinson cut across to field and threw wide to first. It was ruled a difficult chance and a UNK Then Throneberry UNK into a fast double play. Breeding to UNK to UNK setting up UNK UNK homer over the wall in left center. If the Orioles are to break their losing streak within the next two days, it will have to be at the expense of the American League champion New York Yankees, who come in here tomorrow for a night game and a single test Sunday afternoon. _MIAMI, FLA&, MARCH 17_- The flavor of UNK Florida UNK League news UNK considerably late today when the Orioles were advised that Ron Hansen has fulfilled his obligations under the Army's military training program and is ready for UNK spring training. UNK who UNK the 1960 Oriole high of 22 homers and drove in 86 runs on a UNK freshman average, completes the UNK spring squad at 49 players. The big, UNK UNK the 1960 American league UNK year", flew here late this afternoon from Baltimore, signed his contract for an estimated $15,000 and was a spectator at UNK UNK loss to Kansas UNK the UNK UNK sixth setback in a row. UNK UNK UNK The UNK 3 inch Hansen checked in close to 200 pounds, 15 pounds lighter than his reporting weight last spring. He hopes to melt off an additional eight pounds before the Flock breaks camp three weeks UNK When he was inducted into the Army at Fort Knox, UNK UNK weight had dropped to UNK "too light for me to be at my UNK he said. "I feel good UNK Hansen added, "but I think I'll move better carrying a little less weight than I'm carrying now". UNK UNK UNK The UNK Albany UNK UNK a surprise UNK sensation for the Flock last year as well as a defensive UNK set UNK UNK as his 1961 goal. "I think I can do a better job with the UNK now that I know the hitters around the league a little UNK he said. Hansen will engage in his first workout at Miami Stadium prior to the opening tomorrow night of a UNK weekend series with the New York Yankees. UNK Brown and UNK UNK the UNK veteran UNK UNK are slated to oppose the American League champions in tomorrow's 8 P&M& contest. UNK UNK ON UNK UNK UNK and Roland UNK a rookie UNK who posted a UNK record last year for the UNK UNK UNK farm club of the UNK New UNK League, are the probable rival UNK UNK UNK UNK and Jerry Walker, 22, are scheduled to share the Oriole mound chores against the UNK Art UNK in Sunday's 2 P&M& encounter. Ralph UNK successor to Casey Stengel at the Yankee UNK plans to bring the entire New York squad here from St& Petersburg, including Joe UNK and large crowds are anticipated for both weekend games. The famed Yankee UNK now retired, has been assisting as a batting coach. UNK CUT UNK UNK Steve Barber joined the club one week ago after completing his UNK under the Army's accelerated UNK military course, also at Fort Knox, UNK The UNK southpaw enlisted earlier last fall than did UNK UNK bulky UNK UNK now gradually will be reduced as Manager Paul Richards and his coaches seek to trim it down to a more streamlined and workable unit. #@# "Take a ride on this one", Brooks Robinson greeted Hansen as the Bird third UNK grabbed a bat, headed for the plate and bounced a UNK UNK double off the UNK wall tonight. It was the first of two doubles by Robinson, who was in a mood to UNK Just before game time, UNK pretty wife, UNK informed him that an addition to the family can be expected late next summer. Unfortunately, UNK UNK were not in such UNK mood as the Orioles expired before the UNK pitching of three Kansas City rookie UNK #@# Hansen arrived just before UNK two hours late, in company with Lee UNK J& A& W& UNK chairman of the Oriole board of UNK and Public Relations Director Jack UNK Their flight was delayed, UNK said, when a boarding ramp inflicted some minor damage to the wing of the plane. #@# UNK Clint UNK now catching for the ~A's is all for the American League's 1961 expansion to the West UNK "But they UNK brought in UNK too", added Old UNK "Then we'd really have UNK to go". UNK UNK MARCH 17_- UNK her second straight victory, Norman UNK UNK UNK Garden Fresh, a UNK UNK downed promising colts in the UNK St& Patrick's Day UNK featured seventh race here today, and paid UNK UNK UNK with her field in the early stages, Garden UNK was asked for top speed only in the stretch by UNK Philip UNK and won by a length and a half in UNK UNK for the 7 UNK UNK UNK UNK Richard M& UNK UNK which had what seemed to be a substantial lead in the early stages, tired rapidly nearing the wire and was able to save place money only a head in front of Glen T& UNK UNK UNK A bright sun and brisk wind had the track in a fast condition for the first time this week and UNK St& UNK Day UNK bet UNK on the UNK program. Prior to the featured race, the UNK announced that apprentice James P& UNK is suspended ten days for crowding horses and crossing the field sharply in two races on Wednesday. UNK UNK FIRST UNK Garden Fresh, the result of a mating of Better UNK and UNK UNK seems to improve with each start and appeared to win the St& Patrick's Day UNK with some speed in UNK She was moving up to the allowance department after winning a $10,000 claiming event. UNK MARCH 17 (~AP)_- George Kerr, the UNK UNK set a meet record in the UNK run in the Knights of Columbus track meet tonight, beating UNK Dave Mills in a hot duel in UNK Kerr, who set the world record earlier this month in New York with a UNK of UNK wiped out UNK early pace and beat the young Big 10 UNK king by 5 yards. Both were under the meet mark of UNK set in 1950 by UNK UNK Mills shot out in front and kept the lead through two thirds of the race. Then Kerr, a graduate student from Illinois, moved past him on a UNK and held off UNK challenge on the final turn. Mills was timed in UNK The crowd at the UNK annual K& of C& UNK final indoor meet of the season, got a thrill a few minutes earlier when a slender, UNK woman broke the UNK world record in the half-mile run. Mrs& Grace UNK of nearby UNK a UNK housewife who has two children, finished in UNK She snapped five UNK of a second off the mark set by Helen UNK of UNK College, in the National UNK meet in Columbus, Ohio. UNK UNK MARCH 17 (~AP)_- Bobby Waters of UNK UNK relief quarterback for the San Francisco UNK of the National Football League, will undergo a knee operation tomorrow at Franklin Hospital here. Waters injured his left knee in the last game of the 1960 season. While working out in UNK a swelling developed in the knee and he came here to consult the team UNK UNK FLA&, MARCH 17 (~AP)_- Two errors by New York Yankee shortstop Tony UNK in the eleventh inning donated four UNK runs and a UNK victory to the Chicago White Sox today. _AUSTIN, TEXAS_- A Texas halfback who doesn't even know the UNK plays, UNK Moritz, ranks fourth in Southwest Conference scoring after three games. Time stands still every time Moritz, a UNK Army Signal Corps UNK goes into the field. Although he never gets to play while the clock is running, he gets a big UNK several every Saturday, in UNK out of football. Moritz doesn't even have a nose guard or hip pads but he's one of the most valuable members of the UNK team that will be heavily favored Saturday over Oklahoma in the Cotton UNK That's because he already has kicked 14 extra points in 15 UNK He ran his string of successful conversions this season to 13 straight before one went astray last Saturday night in the UNK UNK of Washington State. Moritz is listed on the UNK UNK as a right UNK the position at which he UNK on the 1956 team. But ask coach UNK Royal what position he plays and you'll get the quick response, UNK A UNK UNK UNK senior from Stamford, Moritz practices nothing but UNK Last year, when he worked out at halfback all season, he didn't get into a single game. "This year, coach Royal told me if I'd work on my UNK he thought he could use me", said UNK "So I started practicing on it in spring training. Moritz was bothered during the first two games this year by a pulled muscle in the thigh of his right UNK leg and, as a result, several of his successful conversions have gone barely far enough. Moritz said Monday his leg feels fine and, as a result, he hopes to start practicing field goals this week. He kicked several while playing at UNK High School, including one that beat UNK UNK in a 1953 district game. "I kicked about 110 extra points in UNK tries during three years in high UNK he said, "and made 26 in a row at one time. I never did miss one in a UNK game- I kicked about 20 in the five UNK games my last two years". Moritz came to Texas in 1954 but his freshman football efforts were hampered by a knee injury. He missed the 1955 season because of an operation on the UNK UNK then played UNK minutes in 1956. His statistical record that year, when Texas won only one game and lost nine, was far from UNK he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards, UNK once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards. He went into the Army in March, 1957, and returned two years later. But he was UNK ineligible in 1959 and merely present last season. Place kicking is largely a matter of UNK Moritz declared. "Once you get the feel of it, there's not much to it. I've tried to teach some of the other boys to kick and some of them can't seem to get the UNK UNK helps you to get your timing down. "It's kind of like UNK if you don't swing a club very often, your timing gets off". Moritz, however, UNK only about 10 or 12 extra points during each practice session. "If you kick too much, your leg gets UNK UNK he explained. @ UNK In their first three games, the Longhorns have had the ball 41 times and scored 16 times, or 40 per cent **h their total passing UNK in three games, UNK on 30 completions in 56 attempts, is only 22 yards short of their total passing UNK in 1959, when they made UNK on 37 completions in 86 tries **h. UNK James UNK already has UNK his rushing total for his brilliant sophomore season, when he UNK UNK yards on 55 UNK he now has UNK yards in 22 tries during three games **h. UNK has made only one UNK appearance this season and that was in the Washington State game, for four UNK he returned the UNK 30 yards, gained five yards through the line and then UNK a UNK UNK run before retiring to the bench **h. UNK Jack UNK injured a knee in the Washington State game but insists he'll be ready for Oklahoma **h. Last week, when Royal was informed that three Longhorns were among the UNK top four in UNK he said: "That won't last UNK It UNK Monday, he had four Longhorns in the top four **h. A good feeling prevailed on the ~SMU coaching staff Monday, but attention quickly turned from Saturday's victory to next week's problem: Rice University. The UNK don't play this week. "We're just real happy for the UNK Coach Bill Meek said of the UNK victory over the Air Force UNK "I think the big thing about the game was that our kids for the third straight week stayed in there pitching and kept the pressure on. It was the first time we've been ahead this season (when John UNK kicked what proved to be the winning field UNK Assistant coach John UNK described victory as "a good feeling, I think, on the part of the coaches and the players. We needed it and we got it". Meek expressed particular gratification at the defensive performances of end Happy Nelson and halfback Billy UNK Both turned in top jobs for the second straight game. UNK played magnificent UNK Meek UNK "He knocked down the interference and made key stops lots of times. And he caused the UNK that set up our UNK He broke that boy UNK Force UNK UNK UNK in two and knocked him loose from the UNK Gannon contributed saving plays on the UNK aerial thrusts in the late stages. One was on a UNK screen pass from the UNK 21 after an incomplete pass into UNK territory. "As soon as it started to form, Gannon spotted it", Meek said. "He timed it just right and broke through there before the boy UNK Terry UNK had time to turn around. He really UNK him **h he nailed it for a yard UNK The Air UNK and the UNK final play, was a long pass by quarterback Bob UNK which Gannon UNK on his own UNK and returned 22 yards. "He just lay back there and waited for it", Meek said. "He almost brought it back all the way". Except for sophomore center Mike UNK and UNK Mike UNK Meek expects the squad to be physically sound for UNK UNK is very doubtful for the Rice UNK Meek said. "He'll be out of action all this week. He got hit from the blind side by the split end coming back on the second play of the game. There is definitely some UNK damage in his UNK Rice has not played since UNK a knee in the UNK with UNK "He's looking a lot better, and he's able to UNK Meek explained. "We'll let him do a lot of running this week, but I don't know if he'll be able to play". The game players saw the Air Force film Monday, ran for 30 minutes, then went in, while the reserves UNK for 45 minutes. "We'll work hard Tuesday, Wednesday and UNK Meek said, "and probably will have a good UNK Friday. We'll work out about an hour on Saturday, then we'll work Monday and Tuesday of next week, then taper off". ~SMU will play the UNK at Rice Stadium in Houston in a night game Saturday, Oct& 21. UNK UNK Held out of UNK UNK UNK drill Monday at UNK was tackle UNK UNK who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the UNK UNK loss to Texas ~A+~M **h Because of its important game with Arkansas coming up Saturday, UNK worked out in the rain UNK mud or no mud **h UNK UNK UNK who broke a hand in the UNK game with UNK was back working out with UNK Monday, and UNK UNK sophomore UNK moved back into action after a week's idleness with an UNK injury **h The UNK UNK got a day off UNK a special gift from Coach Jim UNK for its conference victory last Saturday night, but UNK announced that halfback UNK UNK shaken up in the Tech game, would not play against UNK Saturday **h UNK UNK UNK slowed for almost a month by a UNK UNK UNK joined UNK workout Monday. The Dallas Texans were back home Monday with their third victory in four American Football League UNK a UNK triumph over the Denver UNK but their visit will be a short one. The Texans have two more road UNK at Buffalo and UNK before they play for the home folks again, and it looks as if coach Hank UNK men will meet the UNK just as they are developing into the kind of team they were expected to be in UNK UNK Buffalo coach UNK Ramsey, who has become one of the game's greatest collectors of UNK apparently now has found a productive pair in two UNK Football UNK M& C& Reynolds and Warren UNK UNK the former Louisiana State field general, came off the bench for his debut with the UNK Sunday and directed his new team to a UNK upset victory over the Houston UNK defending league champions. "Just our UNK exclaimed UNK UNK would solve that quarterback problem just as we head that way". Ramsey has a thing or two to UNK about himself, for the Dallas defensive unit turned in another splendid effort against Denver, and the Texans were able to whip the dangerous UNK without the UNK of a top star, Jack UNK though he did the UNK UNK while nursing a knee injury. "Our interior line and out UNK played exceptionally well", said UNK Monday after he and his staff reviewed movies of the game. "In fact our whole defensive unit did a good job". The Texans won the game through ball control, with UNK Cotton UNK throwing only 17 passes. "We always like to keep the ball as much as we can against Denver because they have such an explosive UNK explained UNK "They can be going along, doing little UNK then UNK UNK they can hit a couple of passes on you for UNK and put you in trouble". The UNK did hit two quick strikes in the final period against the UNK but Dallas had enough of a lead to hold them off. The principal UNK in controlling the ball was giving it to UNK UNK the UNK UNK He was called upon 26 times- more than all of the other UNK UNK and delivered UNK yards. The Texans made themselves a comforting break on the opening UNK when UNK Al UNK was UNK loose from the ball when Dave UNK the speedy UNK hit him and Guard Al Reynolds claimed it for Dallas. A quick UNK UNK "That permitted us to start controlling the ball right UNK said UNK UNK "I think I'll put that play in the book". The early Southwest Conference football UNK Texas, Arkansas and Texas UNK made a big UNK in the statistics last week. Texas' UNK UNK against Washington State gave the Longhorns a UNK total offense of UNK yards UNK rushing and UNK UNK a new UNK high. Arkansas combined 280 yards rushing with 64 yards passing (on 5 completions in 7 UNK and a tough defense to whip UNK and UNK with a UNK UNK against Texas Tech ran up its biggest total loop play since 1950. UNK 12 of 15 passes for UNK yards, the UNK had a total offense of UNK yards. Texas leads in UNK rushing averages, UNK yards, and passing UNK (to UNK UNK but idle UNK has the best defensive record UNK yards per game to Texas' UNK ~A+~M has the best defense against UNK UNK yards per game. Not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the UNK of UNK currently in use, the major leagues have ordered their own tests, which are in progress at Massachusetts Institute of UNK UNK Ron UNK continued his pinpoint pitching Monday night as the Bears made it two straight over UNK UNK The UNK 6-3, UNK UNK was in command all the way before an UNK audience of only UNK and countless of television viewers in the Denver area. It was UNK third straight victory of the new season and ran the UNK winning streak to four UNK They now lead Louisville by a full game on top of the American Association UNK UNK fanned six and walked only Charley Hinton in the third UNK He has given only the one pass in his 27 UNK an unusual characteristic for a UNK The Bears took the lead in the first UNK as they did in Sunday's UNK and never UNK Dick McAuliffe cracked the first of his two doubles against UNK Don Rudolph to open the UNK attack. After Al UNK UNK out, Jay Cooke walked and Jim UNK singled home UNK UNK then moved Cooke across with a line drive to left. Jay Porter drew a base on balls to fill the bases but Don UNK smash was knocked down by Rudolph for the UNK The Bears added two more in the fifth when McAuliffe dropped a double into the UNK corner, UNK doubled down the rightfield line and Cooke singled off Phil UNK UNK UNK was working on a UNK when the Indians UNK three of their eight hits for two runs in the UNK Chuck Hinton tripled to the rightfield corner, UNK Cook and Dan UNK singled and UNK UNK UNK accounted for the UNK The Bears added their last run in the sixth on UNK double and UNK flies by Porter and UNK UNK UNK the ball over the left fence for the third Indianapolis run in the UNK Despite the UNK weather the game was clicked off in UNK thanks to only three bases on balls and some good infield play. UNK UNK made a spectacular play on UNK UNK in the hole in the fourth and UNK came up with some good stops and showed a strong arm at third base. UNK AND UNK UNK UNK accounted for three of the UNK eight hits **h It was the season's first night game and an obvious UNK of the lights are in order **h The infield was well flooded but the expanded UNK was much too dark **h UNK UNK UNK was back at the organ **h Among the spectators was the noted exotic dancer, UNK UNK who is Mrs& Don Rudolph when off the stage. **h UNK UNK UNK another Denver UNK will be on the mound against veteran UNK UNK at 8 o'clock Tuesday night **h UNK UNK is still bothered by a side injury and will miss his starting turn. UNK UNK MAY 1- (~AP)_- UNK Lane of UNK UNK world's seventh ranked UNK had little trouble in taking a unanimous decision over UNK UNK of UNK UNK here Monday night. UNK UNK MAY 1- (~AP)_- UNK Gardner's line UNK which just UNK the UNK UNK UNK in left field, drove in Jim Lemon with the winning run with two out in the last of the ninth to give the Minnesota Twins a UNK victory over the Chicago White Sox UNK Lemon was on with his fourth single of the game, a UNK to center. He came all the way around on Gardner's hit before UNK UNK It was Gardner's second run UNK in of the game and his only ones of the year. Turk UNK was tagged with the loss, his second against no UNK while Ray Moore won his second game against a single loss. The Twins tied the score in the sixth inning when Reno UNK beat out a high UNK to third base and scored on UNK UNK double to left. The White Sox had taken a UNK lead in the top of the sixth on a pair of pop fly UNK a triple by Roy UNK and single by UNK UNK a walk and a sacrifice fly. Jim UNK UNK home run over left in the first inning gave the Sox a UNK lead, but UNK UNK came back in the bottom of the first with his second homer in two days with the walking Bob UNK aboard. Al Smith's UNK over left in the UNK his fourth homer of the UNK tied the score and UNK first major league home run in the fifth put the Sox back in front. A double by Green, UNK UNK UNK an infield single by Lemon and Gardner's solid single to center put the Twins back in front in the last of the UNK UNK UNK MAY 1- (~AP)_- Boston Red Sox UNK Jackie Jensen said Monday night he was through playing baseball. "I've had it", he told a UNK "I know when my reflexes are gone and I'm not going to be any UNK man on the ball UNK This was the first word from Jensen on his sudden UNK Jensen got only six hits in 46 UNK for a UNK batting average in the first 12 games. He took a midnight train out of Cleveland Saturday, without an official word to UNK and has stayed away from UNK on his train trip across the nation to UNK UNK where his wife, former Olympic UNK Champion UNK Ann UNK UNK She said, when she learned Jackie was heading home: "I'm just UNK but I have to think Jack feels he's hurting UNK UNK The Union Pacific Railroad UNK City of San Francisco, stopped in UNK UNK for a few minutes. Sports UNK Ensign Ritchie of the UNK Standard UNK went to his compartment to talk with him. The conductor said to UNK "I don't think you want to talk to him. You'll probably get a ball bat on the head. He's mad at the world". But Jackie had gone into the station. Ritchie walked up to him at the magazine stand. "I told him who I was and he was quite cold. But he warmed up after a while. I told him what Liston had said and he said Liston was a UNK and said anything he UNK got was through a UNK He said he had never talked to UNK Liston is Bill UNK baseball writer for the Boston UNK who quoted Jensen as saying: "I can't hit anymore. I can't run. I can't throw. Suddenly my reflexes are gone. UNK WHEN IT UNK baseball might be losing its grip on the masses up UNK UNK to start millions of UNK to UNK And so it was over the weekend what with UNK Warren Spahn pitching his UNK masterpiece against the Giants and the UNK Willie Mays UNK with a UNK UNK UNK Sunday. UNK of course, were remarkable feats and further UNK the fact that baseball rightfully is the national UNK Of the two cherished achievements the elderly UNK UNK pitching probably reached the most hearts. It was a real UNK to a lot of guys I know who have moved past the UNK UNK And one of the Milwaukee rookies sighed and UNK UNK I was UNK and a UNK big UNK #@# {THE UNK AND UNK Spahn waved off his new UNK as one of those good days. But there surely can be no doubt about the slender southpaw belonging with the all-time great UNK in the game's history. Yes, with Bob UNK Carl UNK UNK UNK Art UNK Vernon UNK et UNK UNK not only is a superior pitcher but a UNK fine fellow, a ball player's ball UNK as they say in the UNK I remember his UNK performance in a meaningless exhibition game at Bears Stadium Oct& 14, 1951, before a new record crowd for the period of UNK #@# UNK UNK UNK how to merely go through the UNK remarked UNK UNK another all-out UNK who played rightfield that day and UNK one over the UNK The spectacular Mays, who reaches a decade in the big leagues come May 25, joined six other UNK who UNK four home runs in a span of nine UNK UNK only two did it before a home audience. Bobby UNK of Boston was the first to hit four at home and UNK Hodges turned the trick in UNK UNK UNK Ed UNK and Chuck UNK of the UNK the UNK Joe UNK Lou Gehrig of the Yankees, Pat UNK of the White Sox and UNK UNK then with Cleveland, made their history on the road. #@# UNK BIG DAY UNK the running argument about the relative merits of Mays and Mickey UNK This is an issue which UNK down to a matter of opinion, depending on whether you're an American or National fan and UNK or UNK The record books, however, would favor the UNK UNK In four of his nine previous seasons Mays hit as many as 25 home runs and stole as many as 25 bases. Once the figure was UNK Willie's lifetime batting average of UNK is 11 points beyond UNK {The Giants who had been UNK with the bat in their UNK UNK Park suddenly found the formula in UNK park. It will forever be a baseball mystery how a team will suddenly start hitting after a distressing UNK #@# {THE UNK UNK audience was privileged to see UNK four home runs, thanks to a new arrangement made by Bob UNK that the games are not to be UNK out when his Bears are playing at home. This rule providing for a UNK of televised baseball 30 minutes before the start of a major or minor league game in any area comes from the game's top UNK {The last couple of years the Bears management got the business from the UNK Room Athletic UNK when games were cut off. Actually they were helpless to do anything about the nationwide UNK This year, I am told, the UNK network will continue to abide by the rule but ~NBC will play to a conclusion here. There are two more Sunday afternoons when the situation will arise. It is an irritable rule that does baseball more harm than good, especially at the minor league level. You would be surprised how many fans purposely stayed away from Bears Stadium last year because of the television policy. This dissatisfaction led to UNK request that the UNK not be terminated before the end of the game. UNK UNK (~AP)_- The powerful New York Yankees won their 19th world series in a UNK UNK over UNK UNK crushing the UNK in a UNK UNK barrage Monday in the loosely played UNK With Mickey Mantle and UNK UNK both out of action due to UNK the American League UNK still mounted a UNK attack against a parade of eight Cincinnati UNK the most ever used by one team in a series game. Johnny UNK Mantle's UNK slammed a UNK homer as the Yankees UNK UNK UNK Jay in a UNK first UNK UNK UNK UNK for UNK smashed a UNK homer off Bill Henry during another UNK explosion in the UNK The Yanks also took advantage of three Cincinnati errors. The crowd of UNK had only two chances to UNK In the third Frank Robinson UNK a long home run deep into the corner of the UNK in right center, about 400 feet away, with two men on. UNK the UNK were back in the ball game, trailing only 6-3, but the drive UNK when John Edwards UNK out with men on second and third and two out. In the UNK UNK Post slashed a UNK homer off Bud UNK but by that time the score was UNK and it really didn't matter. The Yankee triumph made Ralph UNK only the third man to lead a team to both a pennant and a World Series victory in his first year as a manager. Only UNK Harris, the UNK of Washington in 1924, and Eddie UNK of the St& Louis Cardinals in 1946 had accomplished the UNK UNK JAN& UNK UNK Skorich, the line coach for the football champion Philadelphia UNK was elevated today to head coach. Skorich received a three-year contract at a salary believed to be between $20,000 and $25,000 a year. He succeeds Buck UNK who retired at the end of last season. The appointment was announced at a news conference at which Skorich said he would retain two members of UNK UNK Jerry Williams and Charlie UNK Williams is a defensive coach. UNK works with the ends. UNK WAS EXPECTED# The selection had been expected. Skorich was considered the logical choice after the club gave Norm Van UNK permission to seek the head coaching job with the Minnesota UNK the newest National Football League entry. Van UNK the quarterback who led the Eagles to the title, was signed by the UNK last Wednesday. Philadelphia permitted him to seek a better connection after he had refused to reconsider his decision to end his career as a UNK With Skorich at the UNK the Eagles are expected to put more emphasis on running, rather than passing. In the past the club depended largely on Van UNK UNK Skorich, however, is a strong advocate of a balanced UNK split between running and passing. UNK UNK 3 UNK Skorich, who is 39 years old, played football at Cincinnati University and then had a three-year professional career as a UNK under UNK Sutherland with the Pittsburgh UNK An injury forced Skorich to quit after the 1948 season. He began his coaching career at Pittsburgh Central Catholic High School in 1949. He remained there for four years before moving to UNK UNK Institute in UNK N& Y&. He was there one season before UNK the UNK as an assistant coach. Four years later he resigned to take a similar job with the Green Bay UNK The Eagles signed him for UNK staff in 1959. Skorich began his new job UNK today. At a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor Richardson UNK the Eagles were honored for winning the UNK Shaw and Skorich headed a group of players, coaches and team officials who received an UNK copy of an official city citation and a pair of silver UNK shaped like a football. With the announcement of a UNK achievement UNK to William A& UNK Shea, the awards list was completed yesterday for Sunday night's UNK annual dinner and show of the New York UNK Baseball UNK Association of America, at the UNK Hotel. Shea, the chairman of Mayor UNK Baseball Committee, will be joined on the UNK by Warren UNK the southpaw pitching ace of the Milwaukee UNK Frank Graham, the UNK sports UNK Bill UNK the World Series hero of the Pittsburgh UNK and Casey UNK the former manager of the Yankees. Stengel will receive the Ben UNK Good Guy UNK UNK whose homer beat the Yankees in the final series game, will receive the Babe Ruth Award as the outstanding player in the 1960 world series. Graham will be recognized for his UNK service to baseball and will get the William J& UNK Memorial UNK To Spahn will go the UNK Mercer Memorial Award as the UNK player of the year. UNK UNK UNK A crowd of UNK is expected for the UNK which will be followed by the show in which the writers will UNK baseball personalities in UNK dance and song. The UNK Shea, a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background, is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the UNK return of a National League club to New York. UNK by Mayor Wagner three years ago to head a committee that included James A& UNK Bernard UNK and Clint UNK Shea worked UNK His goal was to obtain a National League team for this city. The departure of the Giants and the Dodgers to California left New York with only the Yankees. Despite countless barriers and UNK Shea moved forward. When he was unable to bring about immediate expansion, he sought to convince another National League club to move here. When that failed, he enlisted Branch UNK aid in the formation of a third major league, the UNK with New York as the key UNK The Continental League never got off the ground, but after two years it forced the existing UNK to UNK UNK UNK IN UNK The New York franchise is headed by Mrs& Charles UNK UNK A UNK municipal stadium at UNK UNK Park is in the works, and once the lease is signed the local club will be formally recognized by Commissioner Ford C& UNK UNK efforts figure prominently in the new UNK Shea and his wife, UNK make their home at UNK Point, L& UNK Bill Jr&, UNK UNK 15, and UNK 9, round out the Shea family. Shea was born in UNK He attended New York University before switching to UNK University in Washington. He played basketball there while working toward a law degree. Later, Shea owned and operated the Long Island Indians, a minor league professional football team. He was the lawyer for Ted UNK old Boston Yankees in the National Football League. #@# All was quiet in the office of the Yankees and the local National UNK yesterday. On Friday, Roger Maris, the Yankee UNK and winner of the American League's UNK award, will meet with Roy UNK the general manager. Maris is in line for a big UNK Arnold Palmer and Sam UNK will be among those honored at the national awards dinner of the Metropolitan Golf Writers Association tonight. The dinner will be held at the Hotel UNK Palmer, UNK leading UNK in 1960, and UNK will be UNK as the winning team in the Canada UNK matches last June in UNK UNK UNK the National Amateur UNK and all the metropolitan district UNK including Bob UNK the amateur UNK also will receive UNK The writers' UNK UNK Award will go to John McAuliffe of UNK N& UNK and Palm Beach, Fla&, for his sponsorship of charity tournaments. UNK Smith of Detroit, a former president of the Professional UNK Association, will receive the Ben Hogan Trophy for his UNK following a recent illness. The principal speaker will be Senator Stuart UNK Democrat of Missouri. UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK has been a blazing figure in golf over the past twelve months. He won the Masters, the United States Open and a record UNK in prize money. He was UNK as UNK of the Year" by Sports UNK and last night was acclaimed in UNK as the UNK UNK of the UNK a distinction that earned for him the $10,000 UNK studded UNK UNK But he also achieved something that endeared him to every UNK who ever UNK a shot. A couple of weeks ago, he scored a monstrous 12 on a UNK hole. It made him UNK And it also stayed the hands of thousands of brooding UNK who were UNK the abandonment of a sport whose UNK were driving them to despair. If such a UNK of perfection as Palmer could commit such a scoring UNK there was hope left for all. It was neither a spirit of UNK nor a UNK to encourage the UNK that motivated UNK He merely became UNK by a form of athletics that respects no one and UNK all. The world's best UNK shooting below UNK came to the last hole of the opening round of the Los Angeles open with every intention of delivering a final UNK He UNK a UNK drive. Then the UNK and the UNK took over while the UNK UNK in the distance. #NO UNK FOR UNK On the narrow fairway of a UNK hole, Arnold whipped into his second shot. The ball went off in a majestic arc, an UNK UNK He tried again and once more sliced out of UNK He UNK the next two out of bounds on the opposite side. "It is possible that I UNK he said UNK Each of the four wayward shots cost him two strokes. So he wound up with a dozen. "It was a nice round figure, that UNK he said as he headed for the UNK not too much UNK From the standpoint of the army of UNK however, this was easily the most heartening exhibition they had had since Ben Hogan fell upon evil ways during his UNK and scored an 11 in the Texas open. The UNK of the UNK of course, is Ray UNK who achieved a 19 in the United States UNK Their secondary hero is another UNK Willie UNK who drank his lunch during another Open and tried to blast his way out of a UNK UNK Willie's partner was Long Jim Barnes, who tried to keep UNK UNK FOR UNK "How many is that, UNK asked Willie at one stage of his excavation project. UNK said Long UNK UNK man", said UNK UNK must be countin' the UNK He had a 16. Palmer's dozen were honestly UNK Nor were there any rules to save him. If there had been, he would have found a UNK because Arnold is one UNK who knows the code as thoroughly as the man who wrote the book. This knowledge has come in UNK too. His first shot in the Open last year landed in a UNK that flowed along the right side of the UNK The ball floated UNK A spectator picked up the ball and handed it to a small boy, who dropped this suddenly hot potato in a very UNK UNK Arnold sent for Joe UNK the executive secretary of the golf association. Joe naturally ruled that a ball be dropped from alongside the spot where it had originally entered the stream. "I knew it all UNK confessed Arnold with a UNK "but I just happened to think how much UNK it would be to drop one way up there". For a serious young man who plays golf with a serious intensity, Palmer has such an inherent sense of humor that it UNK the strain and keeps his nerves from UNK like UNK UNK Yet he remains the UNK of competitors. He'll even bull UNK into the rules when he is sure he's right. That's how he first won the Masters in 1958. It happened on the twelfth hole, a UNK UNK iron shot from the tee UNK into the bunker guarding the green, an embankment that had become soft and UNK from the UNK thereby bringing local rules into force. UNK FROM ON UNK "I can remove the ball, can't I"? asked Palmer of an official. "No", said the official. "You must play it where it UNK "You're wrong", said UNK a man who knows the rules. "I'll do as you say, but I'll also play a provisional ball and get a UNK He scored a 4 for the embedded ball, a 3 with the provisional one. The UNK fathers ruled in his favor. So he picked up a stroke with the provisional ball and won the tournament by the margin of that UNK Until a few weeks ago, however, Arnold Palmer was some UNK creature who had nothing in common with the UNK But after that 12 at Los Angeles he became one of the boys, a bigger hero than he ever had been before. A formula to supply players for the new Minneapolis UNK and the problem of increasing the 1961 schedule to fourteen games will be discussed by National Football League owners at a meeting at the Hotel Warwick today. Other items on the agenda during the UNK which are expected to continue through Saturday, concern television, rules changes, professional UNK hall of UNK UNK benefits and constitutional UNK The owners would like each club in the UNK league to play a UNK series with teams in its division, plus two games against teams in the other UNK However, this would require a UNK of the season from thirteen to fourteen weeks. Pete UNK the league UNK pointed out: "We'll have the problem of baseball at one end and weather at the UNK Nine of the UNK teams play in baseball parks and therefore face an UNK conflict in dates. If the Cardinals heed Manager Gene UNK of the UNK they won't be misled by the UNK slower start this season. UNK definitely is the team to UNK UNK said here the other day. "The Pirates showed they could UNK the field last year. They have the same men, no age problem, no injuries and they also have UNK Bend Mizell for the full season, along with Bobby UNK UNK at 8 o'clock the UNK who gave the Pirates as much trouble as anyone did in 1960, breaking even with them, will get their first 1961 shot at baseball's world champions. The Pirates have a UNK record this year and the UNK are UNK UNK IN UNK UNK Hemus announced a switch in his starting UNK from Bob Gibson to UNK UNK for several reasons: 1. UNK UNK UNK record and UNK UNK mark against Pittsburgh a year ago; 2. The desire to give UNK as many starts as possible; 3. The UNK UNK UNK collapse against the UNK Sunday. Manager UNK eager to end a pitching UNK that has brought four losses in the five games on the current home stand, moved Gibson to the Wednesday night starting assignment. After UNK open date, UNK plans to open with Larry Jackson against the UNK here Friday night. Harvey UNK set back by the flu this season, will start against his former Cardinal UNK who might be playing without captain UNK UNK in UNK game at UNK Stadium. UNK is suffering from a stiff neck. UNK has a UNK record against the UNK despite only a UNK mark in 1960. UNK Manager Danny Murtaugh said he hadn't decided between Mizell and UNK Law for UNK game. Mizell has won both of his starts. UNK UNK IN UNK After a lengthy workout yesterday, an open date, Hemus said that Bob UNK definitely would stay in the UNK That means Stan Musial probably will ride the bench on the seventh anniversary of his record UNK run day against the UNK "I have to stay with UNK for a while", Hemus said. "Bill White UNK UNK should be UNK With a UNK going for Pittsburgh, I may use Don UNK in UNK UNK UNK threw batting practice about 25 minutes, and he looked good", Hemus said. "He should be getting back in the UNK before long. Our pitching is much better than it has UNK The statistics hardly indicated that the Pirates needed extra batting practice, but Murtaugh also turned his men loose at UNK Stadium yesterday. UNK UNK OVER UNK Until the UNK UNK UNK down a bit in Cincinnati over the weekend, the champions had eight men hitting over UNK Despite the UNK Pittsburgh came into town with this imposing list of UNK Smoky UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Bill UNK UNK Bob UNK and Dick UNK each UNK Dick Stuart UNK Don UNK UNK and Bob UNK UNK Bill UNK with UNK and Hal Smith with UNK were the only Pirates dragging their feet. Perhaps the UNK who will be the UNK over the news that Musial probably will sit out most of the series is Bob UNK who was beaten by The Man twice last season on dramatic home runs. Friend is off to a great start with a UNK record but isn't likely to see action here this week. "We're getting Friend some runs for a change, and he has been pitching good", Murtaugh said. UNK has been UNK the ball. No UNK for him". UNK UNK OVER UNK The Pirates jumped off to an UNK start by May 1 last year, when the UNK as well as the Dodgers held them even over the season. On last May 1, the Cardinals stood at UNK ending a UNK UNK on that UNK In 1958, the Birds were UNK on May 1. A year later they were UNK Since 1949, the St& Louis club has been below UNK on May 1 just four times. The UNK team was off to a UNK UNK beginning, then fell as low as UNK on May 23 before finishing with 96 UNK The UNK UNK were UNK on May 1 but ended with UNK UNK the club's top since 1949. Then last season the Birds tumbled as low as UNK on May 19 before UNK to make a race of it and total 86 UNK Since 1949, the only National League club that got off to a hot start and made a runaway of the race was the UNK UNK team. Those Dodgers won their first 10 games and owned a UNK mark and a UNK lead by May 8. The club that UNK the worst start in a comparable period to win the pennant was New York's UNK Giants, who dropped 11 of their first 13. They honored the battling UNK last night. UNK at a UNK Club dinner dealt UNK praise to a group of St& Louis University players who, in the words of Coach John UNK "had more confidence in themselves than I UNK The most valuable player award was split three ways, among Glen UNK Gordon Hartweger and Tom UNK In addition, a special award was given to Bob UNK UNK the UNK center who missed much of the season because of a knee injury. "You often hear people talk about team spirit and that sort of thing", Benington said in a conversation after the UNK "but what this team had was a little different. The boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability. They knew what they could do and it was often a little more than I thought they could do. UNK times I found the players UNK me up, where it usually is the coach who is supposed to deliver the fight UNK UNK be losing at UNK to a good team and Hartweger would say, UNK UNK UNK we'll get 'em all UNK The trio who shared the UNK honors were introduced by Bob UNK sports editor of the UNK UNK the only junior in the group, was commended for his ability to hit in the UNK as well as his UNK excellent play. UNK the UNK defensive expert, was cited for his performance against UNK in St& Louis UNK nationally televised victory. Benington said, "I've never seen a player have a game as great as UNK did against UNK that day". Benington recalled that he once told Hartweger that he UNK Gordon would ever play much for him because he seemed to be lacking in all of the accepted basketball skills. After the coach listed all the boy's faults, Hartweger said, UNK before I leave here, you'll get to like me". Mrs& Benington admired UNK spirit and did what she could to persuade her husband that the boy might help the team. As Hartweger accepted his silver UNK he said, "I want to thank UNK wife for talking him into letting me play". Bob UNK sports editor of the UNK presented Bob UNK with his award. UNK was congratulated for his efforts to stay in shape so that he could help the team if his knee healed in time. Within a week after the UNK suffered in St& UNK victory in the final game of the Kentucky UNK UNK was sitting on the UNK bench doing what he could to help UNK On the clock given him was the inscription, "For UNK UNK to UNK UNK UNK Other UNK from the team that compiled a UNK record and finished as UNK in the National UNK UNK were: Art UNK UNK UNK Bill UNK Dave Harris, Dave UNK and George UNK "This team set a precedent that could be valuable in the UNK Benington pointed out. "By winning against UNK Kentucky and Notre Dame on those UNK home courts, they showed that the home court advantage can be overcome anywhere and that it UNK take a super team to do it". St& Louis University found a way to win a baseball game. Larry UNK last night pitched a UNK game, said to be the first in UNK baseball history, as the Blue and White beat Southeast Missouri State College, UNK at UNK City. The victory was the first of the season for the UNK after nine UNK and a tie. The tie was against Southeast Missouri last Friday. UNK also had a big night at bat with four hits in five trips including a UNK Len UNK also was UNK with two doubles and Dave Ritchie had a home run and a UNK St& Louis U& was to be in action again today with a game scheduled at 4 against Washington University at UNK UNK The game opened a busy week for Washington. The Bears are set to play at Harris Teachers College at UNK tomorrow and have a UNK at UNK Ill&, Saturday. UNK UNK If it's true that contented cows give more milk, why shouldn't happy ball players produce more base UNK The two top talents of the time, Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays, have hit the ball harder and more successfully so far this early season than at any period in careers which, to be frank about it, never have quite reached expectations. And that's meant as a UNK not a UNK Mays and Mantle, both 10-year men at 30, have so much ability that, baseball men agree, UNK never hit the heights. Their heights, that is. Mantle, the UNK blond UNK had one sensational UNK season, 1959, when he UNK UNK and also led the American League in home runs, UNK and UNK UNK Like the UNK UNK Mays, the terror of the Giants, has had seasons that would be considered the ultimate by most players, but not UNK or for- UNK His best years were 1954 when he hit UNK with 41 homers and UNK when he UNK 51 home runs, drove in UNK and stole 24 bases. Now, apparently happier under new managers, Mays and Mantle, the perfect players, are behaving as though they're going to pass those previous UNK UNK UNK Yes, we know, they're professionals, men paid to play, and they shouldn't care how they're UNK just as long as their names are spelled correctly on the first and fifteenth of each month. The truth is, though, that men react differently to different treatment. For that matter, Stan Musial is UNK possessing the disposition that enabled him to put out the same for seven managers, reserving his opinions, but not his effort. Mantle, it's UNK resented Casey UNK attempts to push and UNK him into the perfection the veteran manager saw as a thrilling possibility. The old man was almost too UNK Stengel inherited UNK UNK but UNK brought up Mantle from Class ~C to the UNK from UNK to New York. With the speed and power of the body beautiful he saw before him, UNK Case wanted No& 7 to be not only the best UNK UNK but also the best UNK UNK and UNK Stengel probably preached too much in the early days when the kid wanted to pop his bubble gum and sow his UNK UNK a more mature Mantle, who now has seen the sights on and off Broadway, Ralph UNK quietly UNK no UNK intended, the UNK of authority on UNK The Major decided that, rather than be led, the UNK could lead. And what leadership a proud Mantle has given so far. The opinion continues here that with a UNK schedule, pitching spread thin through a UNK league and a most inviting target in Los Angeles' UNK Field Jr&, Mantle just might break the most glamorous record on the books, Babe Ruth's 60 homers of 1927. UNK FOR UNK UNK day came a day earlier for Willie than for the kids and UNK this year. Willie's wonderful UNK UNK four home UNK served merely to emphasize how happy he is to be playing for Alvin UNK Next to Leo UNK Dark taught Mays the most when he was a UNK rookie rushed up to the Polo Grounds 10 years ago this month, to help the Giants win a dramatic UNK UNK news concerns Mrs& Joan Monroe UNK and F& Lee H& UNK who are to be married at UNK p& m& tomorrow in the Lake Forest home of her brother, J& UNK UNK and Mrs& UNK Only the families and a dozen close friends will be present. The bride's brother, Walter D& Monroe Jr&, will give her in marriage. In the small group will be the junior and senior Mrs& Walter UNK the UNK parents, the UNK UNK who are returning from a winter holiday in UNK Fla&, for the UNK and his brother, Mr& Wendell Jr&, and his wife, who will arrive from Boston. Mr& Wendell Jr& will be best man. Also present will be the bride's children, UNK 13, and UNK 11. Their father is Charles B& UNK The UNK children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return. Young Peter UNK a student at the Westminster school, has UNK and his sister, Mrs& Andrew Thomas, and her husband, who live in UNK UNK have a new baby. Their mother is Mrs& UNK UNK UNK Mr& Wendell and his bride will live in his Lake Forest house. They will take a wedding trip later. UNK WITH THE UNK "We are back with the UNK again now that the UNK is back in UNK UNK Mrs& Frank S& UNK president of the women's board of the University of Chicago Cancer Research UNK The New York Metropolitan Opera Company will be here in May, and the board will sponsor the Saturday night, May 13, performance of UNK as a UNK UNK UNK will be UNK UNK in the new McCormick Place UNK this should prove to be an exciting UNK adds Mrs& UNK The board's last money raising event was a performance by Harry UNK "quite UNK for this UNK decided some of the members. Mrs& Henry T& UNK of UNK a new board member, will be chairman of publicity for the UNK Her husband recently was appointed vice president of the university, bringing them back here from the east. UNK Because of the recent death of the bride's father, Frederick B& UNK the marriage of Miss Terry Hamm to John Bruce UNK will be a small one at noon tomorrow in St& UNK church, Forest Park. A small reception will follow in the Oak Park UNK hotel. Mrs& Hamm will not come from UNK Beach, Fla&, for the UNK However, Mr& UNK and his bride will go to UNK Beach on their wedding trip, and will stay in the John G& UNK beach house. The UNK formerly lived in Lake UNK Harvey B& Stevens of UNK will give his niece in marriage. Mr& and Mrs& Stevens and the bride's other UNK and UNK the UNK C& UNK the Homer E& UNK and the David UNK UNK will give the UNK dinner tonight in the UNK home. #HERE AND THERE# The Chicago Press club will UNK George E& Barnes, president of the United States UNK Tennis association, at a cocktail party and buffet supper beginning at UNK p& m& tomorrow. Later, a bus will carry members to the Chicago Stadium to see Jack UNK professional tennis matches at 8 p& m&. WITH loud UNK for the artistic success of the UNK UNK Fashion show still ringing in her ears, its director, Helen UNK UNK UNK Maurice P& UNK is taking off tomorrow on a 56 day world trip which should earn her even greater acclaim as director of entertainment for next summer's International Trade fair. Armed with letters from embassies to ministers of countries, especially those in the near and far east, Mrs& UNK "will beat the bushes for UNK UNK "We [the Chicago Association of Commerce and UNK expect to establish closer relations with nations and their cultural activities, and it will be easy as a member of the fair staff to bring in UNK explains Mrs& UNK "For instance, UNK Indonesia, has three groups of dancers interested in coming here. I'm even going to try to get the whirling UNK of UNK The last obstacle in Mrs& Geraghty's UNK trip was smoothed out when a representative of UNK called upon her to explain that his brother would meet her at the border of that country- so newly separated from Egypt and the United UNK Republic that she hadn't been able to obtain a UNK UNK UNK Honolulu will be Mrs& Geraghty's first stop. Then Japan, Hong Kong, UNK India, Pakistan, UNK UNK and to Rome, London, and Paris "to look over wonderful UNK Dec& 22 is the deadline for Mrs& Geraghty's UNK the UNK youngest daughter, UNK UNK in the UNK UNK UNK the next night. Molly already has her UNK gown, and it's UNK says her mother. Also, invitations have been addressed to UNK debut tea the afternoon of Dec& 29 in the Arts club. It won't be a UNK however, but more of an international folk song UNK with singers from Chicago's foreign groups to sing Christmas songs from around the world. The international theme will be continued with the UNK strings playing for a dinner the Byron UNK will give in the UNK club after the tea. Miss UNK UNK debut supper dance in the UNK will wind up the day. UNK The Richard S& UNK home in Wayne may be the setting for the wedding reception for their daughter, Helen UNK and the young Italian she met last year while studying in Florence during her junior year at Smith college. He is UNK UNK son of the UNK UNK of Florence whom the UNK met last year in Europe. The UNK who now live in UNK are telling friends of the UNK Miss Burke, a graduate of Miss UNK school, stayed on in Florence as a career girl. Her UNK who is with a publishing firm, UNK many books from English into UNK He will be coming here on business in December, when the wedding is to take place in Wayne. Miss Burke will arrive in December also. #HERE AND THERE# A farewell supper Mr& and Mrs& Charles H& UNK Jr& planned Sunday for Italian UNK General and Mrs& UNK UNK has been canceled because Mr& UNK is in Illinois Masonic hospital for UNK Mrs& William UNK Mrs& Clinton B& King, John UNK Jr&, Norman UNK and UNK UNK UNK will judge the costumes in the grand march at the UNK Old Towne UNK UNK tomorrow in the UNK club. The party is to raise money for the Old Town Art center and to plant more UNK trees along the streets of Old UNK UNK UNK UNK Walter UNK well and UNK again, wheeled thru town between trains yesterday en route to his Phoenix, Ariz&, UNK portable UNK in hand. If W& UNK retiring soon, as UNK he ain't UNK yet. **h UNK UNK UNK the UNK Tommy UNK and the UNK Bud UNK joined UNK UNK as a promotional copy writer. She's a UNK **h You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer UNK in clubs and UNK these nights. Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors, when and UNK **h UNK Gary Morton signed to play the Living Room here Dec& 18, because that's the only time his heart, UNK UNK can come along. And watch for a headline from this pair any time now. ## {The Living Room has another UNK Jane Russell will make one of her rare night club singing appearances there, opening Jan& 22. La Russell's run in UNK UNK next week at Drury Lane, already is a UNK **h Johnny UNK at the same L& UNK has something to cry about. He's been UNK in severe UNK a UNK injection UNK a UNK and Johnny can barely walk. **h Charley UNK top UNK film studio UNK makes an honest man out of this column. As we UNK way back, he'll UNK pretty UNK UNK of the Golf UNK staff, in N& UNK C& today. UNK UNK Charley was a favorite date of many of Hollywood's glamor UNK for UNK @ ## UNK UNK UNK director of Danny Thomas A& L& S& A& C& UNK UNK UNK American UNK fund raising group, filled me in on the UNK UNK who are using phones to UNK funds for UNK St& UNK hospital in UNK There is no such thing as an UNK telephone building fund UNK The only current event they're UNK is the big show at the Stadium Nov& 25, when Danny will entertain thousands of UNK UNK You can mail UNK to Danny Thomas, Post Office UNK UNK Chicago. So, if anybody UNK by phone, make sure you mail the dough to the above. **h UNK De UNK signed to do a Broadway play for Garson UNK this season, "A UNK of UNK UNK move to UNK after years in Paris. ## UNK UNK Day and her UNK UNK UNK drive in today from a motor tour thru New England. D& D& will pop up with UNK Chief UNK UNK at the Carnegie theater tomorrow to toast 300 movie UNK UNK be an all day affair with UNK of UNK new one, UNK Come UNK and UNK UNK UNK **h UNK the UNK UNK UNK UNK gave up a promising show UNK career to apply glamor touches to her UNK Ray UNK fur firm here. UNK UNK She sold a $10,000 morning light mink to UNK UNK UNK for his UNK UNK Mason, also an UNK In honor of the UNK new baby. UNK goodness UNK @ ## UNK Jack Herbert insists Dick UNK campaign slogan for governor of California is, UNK Must UNK **h Give generously when you buy candy today for the UNK Research UNK It's one of our town's UNK UNK **h Best UNK for UNK That UNK UNK from UNK UNK opening in the Empire room. **h Dave UNK who is quite a UNK and boss of Chicago's new pro basketball UNK is UNK a new International club, for the exclusive use of season ticket UNK in the Stock UNK UNK UNK off is tomorrow night when the UNK meet St& Louis in their season home UNK **h UNK mentioned it, but when UNK Casey Stengel takes over as boss of the New York UNK he'll be the only UNK ever to wear the uniform of all New York area clubs, past and UNK Yankees, UNK Giants, and now the UNK **h And UNK UNK calls the UNK UNK at Berlin's UNK UNK "The Battle of the UNK ## THE UNK UNK This mad world UNK UNK and the Kremlin crowd are confident all right. They're UNK the earth's atmosphere including their own via mighty UNK bombs but their own peasants still don't know about it! **h UNK On the free world side. Albert John UNK awarded a Nobel prize for his South African integration UNK has to get permission to fly to collect his honor. UNK **h But on to the UNK side **h Johnny UNK the only real UNK telephoned UNK UNK his first UNK UNK at Drury Lane, and muttered, UNK UNK this UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK **h Actually Johnny is a UNK UNK UNK with a rare sense of humor. Everywhere he went in town, people UNK up, gave him the UNK bit or broke into a frightening UNK UNK He kids his UNK roles more than anyone. ## UNK Dolce UNK the dynamite Italian UNK opens at popular prices at the UNK theater Nov& 2. My idea of UNK movie making. **h Bill UNK health is back to the UNK stage, but his UNK insist he rest for several more months before getting back into the baseball UNK William keeps up with our town's doings daily, via the UNK and he tells me he never misses the UNK That's our boy UNK **h Jean UNK Blue UNK is the first top local club to import that crazy new dance, the UNK They'll start UNK too, UNK **h A cheer here for Francis UNK state treasurer, who will meet with the UNK advisory board of the Chicago Bar association, for suggestions on how to handle the opening of safety deposit boxes after somebody dies. After being closed for seven months, the Garden of the UNK Club will have its gala summer opening Saturday, June 3. Music for dancing will be furnished by UNK UNK and his orchestra, who will play each Saturday during June. Members and guests will be in for an added surprise with the new wing containing 40 rooms and UNK each with its own private UNK UNK UNK genial manager of the club, has announced that the Garden of the UNK will open to members Thursday, June 1. Beginning July 4, there will be an orchestra playing UNK except Sunday and Monday for the summer season. {Mrs& J& Edward UNK and {Mrs& Paul UNK are planning a luncheon next week in honor of {Mrs& J& Clinton UNK who UNK her birthday on Tuesday. {Mr& and Mrs& Jerry UNK announce the birth of a daughter, UNK on Wednesday in UNK Hospital. UNK are {Mr& and Mrs& Robert L& UNK and {Mr& and Mrs& Guy UNK of UNK Mrs& Chase is the former {Miss Mary UNK UNK TO W& UNK {Mrs& UNK UNK will leave Sunday to return to her home in Santa UNK Calif&, after spending a week in her Polo Grounds home. {Mrs& John C& UNK UNK of UNK is spending several days in her Sherman UNK apartment. {Mr& and Mrs& UNK UNK have returned to their home in Colorado Springs after spending a few days at the Brown Palace Hotel. UNK Gen& and Mrs& Robert F& UNK will entertain at a black tie dinner Wednesday, May 3, in the UNK Club at the Air Force UNK UNK UNK {Mr& and Mrs& UNK de UNK will honor Italian UNK and Mrs& UNK UNK at a cocktail party Tuesday, May 2, from 6 to 8 p&m& in their home. The UNK are leaving soon for their new post. There will be a UNK dinner Friday evening at the Denver Country Club which will precede the opening of the 1961 golf season. UNK will be served from 6 to 7 p&m&, with dinner at 7 and entertainment in the main dining room immediately following. {Miss UNK UNK was one of the speakers on the panel of the Eastern Women's Liberal Arts College panel on Wednesday evening in the Security Life UNK Guests were UNK in the public high schools. UNK UNK The committee for the annual Central City fashion show has been announced by {Mrs& D& W& UNK chairman. The event, staged yearly by UNK will be held in the Opera House Wednesday, Aug& 16. It will be preceded by luncheon in the UNK House. {Mrs& Roger UNK is head of the luncheon table decorations {Mrs& Stanley UNK is ticket chairman and {Mrs& Theodore UNK is in charge of publicity. Members of the committee include {Mrs& Milton UNK Mrs& J& Clinton UNK Mrs& UNK W& UNK Mrs& Samuel UNK Jr&, Mrs& Donald UNK Campbell, Mrs& Douglas UNK Mrs& John C& Davis /3,, Mrs& UNK UNK Mrs& William E& UNK Mrs& Alfred UNK /2,, Mrs& Donald UNK Mrs& UNK Moore, Mrs& UNK UNK Mrs& Richard Gibson Smith, Mrs& James S& UNK UNK and {Mrs& Thomas UNK The first committee meeting will be held on May UNK {Mr& and Mrs& Andrew S& UNK of Washington, D&C&, announce the birth of a daughter, UNK Ann UNK on Monday in Washington, D&C&. UNK are {Mr& and Mrs& UNK UNK and {Mr& and Mrs& UNK UNK of UNK N&Y&. Mrs& UNK is the former {Miss Ann UNK A UNK smile, a UNK interest in others and a practical down-to-earth approach. Those qualities make UNK UNK a popular asset at the Salvation Army's Social Center at UNK UNK st&. The UNK UNK woman who came to Denver three years ago from Buffalo, N&Y&, is a UNK with the Army. Her position covers a number of daily tasks common to any social director. The job also covers a number of other items. UNK UNK as the more than 80 men at the center call her, is the link that helps to bridge the gulf between UNK and the outside world and between UNK and society. Her day starts early, but no matter how many pressing letters there are to be written (and during May, which is National Salvation Army UNK there are UNK schedules to be made or problems to be UNK Mrs& UNK office is always open and the welcome mat is out. UNK UNK is the first contact a UNK UNK figure talks to after he decides he wants to pick himself up. She sees that there is a cup of UNK hot coffee awaiting him and the two chat informally as she presents the rules of the center and explains procedures. UNK at this point a man is withdrawn from society and one of my jobs is to see that he UNK to UNK with his fellow men", Mrs& Marr explained. The UNK has worked out an entire program to achieve this using the facilities of the center. "And I UNK tickets to everything I UNK she said. "I've become the greatest UNK in the world". {IN UNK to the tickets to the movies, sporting events and UNK Mrs& Marr lines up candy and cookies because UNK require a lot of UNK to replace the sugar in their system. Mrs& Marr also has a number of UNK to UNK watching to see that they do not break their parole and that they also learn to UNK to society. By UNK millions of Americans will take to the road on vacation trips up and down and back and forth across this vast and lovely land. In another four weeks, with schools closed across the nation, the great UNK summer UNK will be under way. By July 1, six weeks from now, UNK all over the nation will, by 6 p&m&, be switching on that UNK to UNK sign, "No UNK No matter how many Americans go abroad in summer, probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car, throw UNK kids and comic books in the back UNK and head for home. And where is UNK that magic place of the heart? UNK that is simple. Home is where a man was born, reared, went to school and, most particularly, where UNK is. That is where we turn in the good old UNK The land lies ready for the coming UNK My husband and I, a month ahead of the UNK have just finished a UNK motor journey of UNK miles from UNK Ariz&, to New York UNK UNK FOR UNK I can testify that motels, service and comfort stations (they go together like Scots and UNK dog UNK UNK restaurants, UNK stands and snake farms are braced and waiting. I hope it can be said without boasting that no other nation offers its vacationing motorists such variety and beauty of scene, such an excellent network of roads on which to enjoy it and such decent, UNK UNK UNK Maybe UNK isn't the nation's biggest industry, but it certainly looks that way from the UNK There are motels for all purposes and all UNK There are even motels for local weather UNK as I discovered in UNK UNK There the Royal Motel UNK "all facilities, UNK heat, air UNK UNK free UNK storm UNK UNK WITH UNK UNK motels from UNK to New York boast swimming pools UNK at your own UNK is the UNK sign poised at the UNK of most UNK Some even boast two pools, one for adults and one for children. But the Royal Motel in UNK was the only one that offered the comfort and security of a storm UNK UNK like myself who can remember the old UNK UNK signs on farm houses and village homes before World War /2, can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and UNK motel business. UNK FOR UNK At the UNK Motel in UNK Va&, we accidentally drew the honeymoon UNK an elegant affair with UNK UNK gold and white furniture, pink satin UNK chairs, UNK ~TV and a pink tile bath with masses of pink UNK All for UNK That made up for the UNK motel in UNK UNK where the proprietor knocked $2 off the UNK UNK when we found ants in the UNK furniture. UNK Calif&, will be the home of the Rev& Robert D& Howard and his bride, the former Miss UNK Ellen UNK who were married Saturday at the UNK Place Methodist Church. Parents of the bride are Mr& and Mrs& UNK M& UNK UNK UNK The UNK is the son of Mrs& James UNK of Los Angeles, Calif&, and Carl E& Howard of Santa UNK Calif&. He is a graduate of UNK and UNK School of UNK ~SMU. Dr& W& B& I& Martin UNK and the bride was given in marriage by her father. Honor attendants for the couple were Miss UNK UNK and Warren V& UNK The couple will honeymoon in UNK National Park, Calif&. Miss Joan UNK Baker, a graduate of UNK was married Saturday to UNK Leonard Mason, an honor graduate of Lamar State College of Technology, in the chapel of the First Presbyterian Church of Houston. The bride, daughter of Rhodes UNK Baker Jr& of Houston and the late Mrs& Baker, was president of Kappa Kappa UNK and a member of UNK Board at ~SMU. Her husband, who is the son of UNK John Mason of UNK UNK and the late Mrs& Henry UNK UNK was president of Alpha UNK UNK and a member of Delta UNK UNK at Lamar UNK and did graduate work at Rhodes University in UNK South Africa, on a Rotary UNK The Rev& Richard Freeman of Texas City UNK and Charles UNK and Mrs& Marvin Hand presented music. The bride was given in marriage by her father. She wore a UNK gown of UNK designed with UNK UNK and UNK skirt UNK by lace UNK Her veil was caught to a UNK and she carried UNK and UNK Miss Mary Ross of UNK was maid of honor, and UNK were Miss Pat UNK of Austin, Mrs& Howard M& Dean of UNK Ill&, and Mrs& James A& UNK of UNK La&. UNK Mason of UNK UNK was best man for his brother, and UNK were Rhodes S& Baker /3, of Houston, Dr& James Carter of Houston and Conrad UNK of New Orleans, La&. Lee Jackson and UNK Smith, both of Houston, and Alfred UNK of Beaumont seated guests. After a reception at The UNK the UNK left for a wedding trip to New Orleans, La&. They will live in UNK UNK Miss UNK Joan UNK a former student of North Texas State University, was married Saturday to Larry W& Mills, who has attended Arlington State College. They will live at UNK UNK after a wedding trip to UNK UNK Parents of the couple are Ray Meredith of Denton and the late Mrs& Meredith and Mrs& Hardy P& Mills of UNK and the late Mr& UNK The Rev& Melvin Carter UNK at the ceremony in UNK Chapel of the First Baptist Church. Dan UNK presented music and the bride was given in marriage by her father. She wore a gown of satin designed along UNK lines and featuring a flared skirt and lace jacket with UNK UNK Her veil was caught to a UNK UNK and she carried UNK and UNK Miss UNK Kay Meredith of Denton was her UNK maid or honor, and Vernon UNK of San Angelo was best man. Robert UNK and UNK UNK Jr& seated guests. A reception was held at the church. The First Christian Church of UNK was the setting for the wedding last Sunday of Miss UNK Marie UNK and Thomas Earl UNK Jr&, who will live at UNK UNK after a wedding trip to New Orleans, UNK The bride, daughter of Mr& and Mrs& Charles UNK UNK of UNK has attended Texas UNK University and will continue her studies at ~SMU. "A UNK in New UNK is the UNK planned by members of the Thrift Shop Committee for May 6 at Philmont Country Club. The women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year's promises to follow in this fine tradition. Mrs& H& J& UNK is chairman. The Louisiana city is known, of course, for its fine food, good music and its colorful hospitality UNK when guests arrive at Philmont that UNK says Mrs& UNK "that is exactly what we expect to offer them. We've been working for weeks. The prospects look great. We are keeping a number of surprises under our hats. But we can't tell it all now and then have no new excitement UNK UNK UNK UNK But she does indicate UNK will start early, that a jazz UNK will "give with the UNK Street UNK during the cocktail and dinner hours and that Lester UNK orchestra will take over during the dancing. As for food, Mrs& Henry UNK chairman of this phase, is a UNK who knows good food. "New UNK she says, "of course I've had the best. It is just bad luck that we are having the party in a month with no UNK so no oysters. But we have lots of other New Orleans UNK I know they will be good. We've tried them out on the club UNK or say, he has tried them out on us and we have selected the UNK UNK UNK Guests will be treated to Gulf Coast scenic effects. There will be masses of flowers, UNK of the handsome old buildings with their UNK and other things that are typical of New Orleans. Mrs& Harry K& UNK is chairman of this phase and she is getting an artistic assist from A& Van UNK display director of UNK UNK The gala is the Thrift UNK annual bundle party and, as all Thrift Shop friends know, that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition, contributions of household equipment, UNK and such to stock the shelves at the UNK headquarters at UNK Walnut UNK UNK UNK For the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the UNK may be deposited between now and the date of the big event. In addition to the UNK guests pay the cost of their UNK Members of the young set who would like to come to the party only during the dancing time are UNK The Thrift UNK with Mrs& UNK S& UNK as president, is one of the city's most successful UNK for the Federation of Jewish UNK Some idea of the competence of the women is indicated in the contribution made by them during the past 25 years that totals UNK UNK BIG BUSINESS# UNK business, this little Thrift Shop UNK say the members. For most of the 25 years the operation was under feminine direction. In the past few years the men, mostly husbands of members, have taken an interest. Louis UNK is chairman of the men's committee that, among other jobs, takes over part of the responsibility for UNK the shop during its evening hours. Mrs& Theodore UNK is vice chairman of the committee for the UNK Mrs& Richard UNK is chairman of UNK Mrs& Arthur UNK is making arrangements for a UNK Mrs& Joan UNK for UNK Mrs& Harry M& UNK Jr&, for secretarial UNK Mrs& Ralph UNK for junior UNK Mr& and Mrs& B& Lewis UNK for senior UNK and Mrs& Samuel P& UNK for the UNK In addition, Mr& and Mrs& Allan UNK are UNK Mrs& Paul Stone is treasurer and Mrs& Albert UNK is in charge of UNK for the dancing at 9 P& UNK Besides the bundle centers where contributions may be made there will be facilities at Philmont Country Club for those who would like to bring the bundles on the night of the party. The women's committee of St& UNK Church will hold its annual UNK pink UNK a UNK bridge and fashion show at 1 P& M& on Monday, April 17, in the chapel assembly room, Wayne. Mrs& Robert O& UNK is chairman of the UNK which includes Mrs& James A& UNK Mrs& Frank C& UNK Mrs& Ethel UNK Mrs& Harold G& UNK Mrs& Albert W& UNK Mrs& Henry M& UNK UNK Mrs& Robert O& UNK Jr&, Mrs& Harcourt N& UNK Jr&, Mrs& John A& UNK Mrs& Robert UNK Mrs& William G& UNK Mrs& Hughes UNK Mrs& John L& UNK and Mrs& UNK UNK The fashion show, by UNK UNK will have Mrs& John UNK as UNK UNK will be Mrs& Samuel B& D& UNK Mrs& William H& UNK Jr&, Mrs& Richard W& UNK Mrs& William F& UNK Mrs& Robert O& UNK Mrs& E& H& UNK Mrs& Robert W& UNK Jr&, Mrs& Frederick C& UNK Jr&, Mrs& William ~A UNK UNK F& Vernon UNK Col& UNK UNK of Chester Springs, who headed the Troop Committee for much of its second and third decades, is now an UNK member. Each year he invites the boys to camp out on his estate for one of their big week ends of the year. The Troop is proud of its UNK program- on UNK schedule and was continued even when UNK temperatures were registered during the past winter. "We UNK say the mothers. "But there never is any need. The boys love it". Mrs& John Charles UNK is chairman of publicity for the country fair and Mrs& Francis G& UNK and Mrs& Francis UNK of UNK They all are of Wayne. UNK the UNK is the invitation issued by members of the Greater Philadelphia Section of the National Council of Jewish Women as they arrange for an annual exhibit and sale of paintings and sculpture at the Philmont Country Club on April 8 and 9. A UNK party for sponsors of the event and for the artists is set for April 8. The event will be open to the public the following day. UNK will be used by the section to further its program in science, education and social action on local, national and international levels. UNK UNK Mrs& Monte UNK chairman, says the work of 100 artists well known in the Delaware Valley area will be included in the exhibition and sale. Among them will be UNK UNK Ben UNK Nicholas UNK Alfred Van UNK and Milton UNK Mr& UNK has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize. The event is the sixth on the annual calendar of the local members of the National Council of Jewish UNK It originated with the UNK Section. When this and other units combined to form the present group, it was taken on as a continuing UNK UNK UNK Mrs& Jerome UNK and Mrs& Meyer UNK are UNK this year. UNK as chairmen of various committees are Mrs& Alvin UNK Mrs& Leonard UNK Mrs& Edward UNK Mrs& Robert UNK Also Mrs& UNK UNK Mrs& Morton UNK Mrs& Jacques UNK Mrs& Evelyn UNK Mrs& Henry UNK Mr& and Mrs& I& S& UNK Mrs& Jack UNK Mrs& Leonard UNK Mrs& Gordon UNK Mrs& Oscar UNK Mrs& Alfred UNK and Mrs& Edward UNK Dr& and Mrs& N& UNK UNK have had as guests Mr& and Mrs& John J& UNK Jr&, of UNK UNK UNK UNK Mrs& Edward UNK will entertain the members of her Book Club on Tuesday. Mrs& A& UNK Anderson entertained at a luncheon at her home, on Monday. Mr& and Mrs& Anderson were entertained at dinner on Sunday by Mr& and Mrs& Frank UNK of UNK UNK Mr& and Mrs& Major Morris and their son-in-law and daughter, Mr& and Mrs& Thomas UNK and their children will spend several days in UNK N& J&. Mr& and Mrs& James UNK announce the birth of a daughter, Patricia Lynn UNK on March 2. Mr& and Mrs& Charles UNK announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss Mary Ann UNK to Mr& Robert L& UNK son of Mr& and Mrs& Donald R& UNK of Drexel Hill. Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visiting in UNK Mr& and Mrs& Frederick UNK are entertaining Mr& Walter UNK of UNK Mr& UNK UNK of UNK Germany, and Mr& UNK UNK of UNK Mr& and Mrs& Harry D& UNK Jr& have returned to their home in Drexel Park, after spending some time in UNK Beach UNK Mr& and Mrs& James F& Mitchell, with their daughter, UNK and son, James, Jr& are spending several weeks in Florida, and will visit in UNK UNK Warren Taylor, UNK and Mrs& Taylor, of E& UNK R& UNK will have with them for the Easter holidays the latter's parents, Mr& and Mrs& John B& UNK of Drexel Hill. Mr& and Mrs& L& UNK UNK formerly of Drexel Hill, and now of UNK Square, are entertaining Mr& and Mrs& UNK E& UNK of UNK Pa&. Mrs& William H& UNK of Drexel Park, entertained at a luncheon at her home on Wednesday. Mr& and Mrs& Robert Brown will return next week from UNK Mrs& H& E& UNK will entertain the members of her Book Club at her home on Tuesday. UNK AND UNK Richard Peter UNK announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss Susan Ann UNK to Mr& Conrad Wall /3,, son of Dr& Conrad Wall /2,, and Mrs& UNK Kennedy UNK The marriage will be quietly celebrated in early UNK Miss UNK was graduated from the UNK S& UNK school and is attending UNK college in UNK UNK Her mother is the former Miss UNK UNK Mr& Wall is a student at UNK university, where he is a member of Delta Kappa UNK UNK @ Their UNK The Queen of Carnival and The Queen of UNK have jointly issued invitations for UNK Tuesday evening at midnight at which time they will entertain in the grand ballroom of a downtown hotel following the balls of Rex and UNK @ Mr& and Mrs& Richard B& UNK and their son-in-law and daughter, Mr& and Mrs& Raymond B& Walker will be hosts this Tuesday evening at dinner at the State st& home of the UNK honoring Mrs& UNK UNK UNK Miss Barbara Williams. @ UNK Miss Lady Helen Hardy will be UNK at luncheon this Tuesday at which the UNK will be Mrs& Edwin UNK of UNK UNK She will entertain at a UNK UNK restaurant at 1 o'clock in the early afternoon. @ Another UNK Miss Virginia Richmond, will also be the UNK this Wednesday at luncheon at which Mrs& John UNK will be UNK entertaining at a downtown hotel. @ Miss Katherine UNK who attends UNK UNK college in Virginia, will UNK her father, Dr& Eugene UNK at the family home in Richmond UNK Wednesday for part of the Carnival UNK @ When the UNK entertained Wednesday last at their annual Carnival UNK ball, Miss Margaret UNK was chosen to rule over the UNK presented at the UNK Auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were UNK Clayton UNK Eleanor UNK Lynn UNK UNK UNK of UNK UNK and UNK UNK The large municipal hall was UNK with color, which shown out from the bright array of chic UNK worn by those participating in the UNK UNK The mother of young queen, Mrs& G& Henry UNK Jr& chose a white UNK gown made on slim lines with panels of UNK and bright green satin extending down the back. Mrs& Thomas Jordan selected a black UNK UNK made with a skirt of fringed tiers and worn with UNK silk UNK Mrs& Clayton UNK whose daughter, was among the court UNK chose a deep UNK blue lace gown. Mrs& UNK UNK whose daughter was also a maid to the queen, wore an ashes of UNK UNK satin gown. Mrs& Peter UNK Jr&, last year's UNK queen, chose an UNK white UNK lace short dress made with a wide UNK trimmed with an edging of UNK Mrs& UNK UNK UNK street length silk UNK dress was embroidered on the UNK with gold threads and golden UNK and UNK The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad announced yesterday it would reduce the total amount of its payroll by 10 per cent through salary cuts and lay-offs effective at UNK A&M& next Saturday. The current monthly payroll comes to about UNK Howard E& UNK the UNK president, said, "A drastic decline in freight loading due principally to the severe UNK in the movement of heavy goods has necessitated this UNK UNK The reduction in expenses will affect employees in the thirteen states in which the B& + O& UNK UNK CUT AND UNK It will be accomplished in two ways: _1._ A flat reduction of 10 per cent in the salary of all officers, supervisors and other employees not belonging to unions. There are about UNK officers and employees in this class. _2._ UNK lay-offs of union employees to bring about a 10 per cent cut in the union payroll expense. Since the railroad cannot reduce the salary of individual union members under contract, it must accomplish its payroll reduction by placing some of the men on UNK a UNK spokesman said. Those union members kept on their jobs, therefore, will not take a cut in their wages. The spokesman said the number to be UNK cannot be estimated since the lay-offs must be carried out in each area depending on what men are most needed on the job. A UNK struck a cab driver in the face with a pistol last night after UNK him of UNK at Franklin and Mount streets. The victim, Norman B& UNK 38, of the 900 block North Charles street, was treated for cuts at Franklin Square Hospital after the UNK The driver told police he followed as the Negro man got out of the cab with his money. The victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the UNK He said the UNK who was armed with a UNK UNK entered the taxi at Pennsylvania avenue and UNK street. In another attack, Samuel UNK 41, proprietor of a food store in the 2100 block UNK street, told police two Negroes assaulted him in his store and stole $150 from the cash register after choking and beating him. A baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their UNK Anne Arundel county home. The victim UNK UNK Negro, 1, was pronounced dead on arrival at Anne Arundel General Hospital in UNK His sister and brother, Marie UNK 3, and John Raymond, Jr& 22 months, were admitted to the hospital. The girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of her body. UNK IN UNK UNK The boy received UNK burns of the face, neck and back. His condition was reported to be fair. Police said the children's mother, Mrs& Eleanor UNK was visiting next door when the fire occurred. The house is on Old UNK road a mile south of UNK Park, at Jones Station, police said. _ANNAPOLIS, JAN& 7_- The Anne Arundel county school superintendent has asked that the Board of Education return to the practice of recording its proceedings mechanically so that there will be no more question about who said what. The proposal was made by Dr& David S& Jenkins after he and Mrs& D& UNK Williams, Jr&, a board member and long-time critic of the superintendent, argued for about fifteen minutes at this week's meeting. The disagreement was over what Dr& Jenkins had said at a previous session and how his remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting. UNK UNK Mrs& Williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr& UNK conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval. "I hate to have these things come up again and again", Dr& Jenkins commented as he made his suggestion. "These are the board's minutes. I'll write what you tell me UNK For a number of years the board used a machine to keep a permanent record but abandoned the practice about two years ago. It was about that time, a board member said later, that Dr& Thomas G& UNK Jr&, State superintendent of schools, told Dr& Jenkins and a number of other education officials that he would not talk to them with a recording machine sitting in front of him. The Board of County UNK the UNK Commission, the Planning and UNK Board and other county official bodies use recording machines for all public business in order to prevent law suits and other UNK about what actually happened at their meetings. Dr& Jenkins notes, however, that most of the school boards in the State do not do so. State Senator Joseph A& UNK UNK First UNK had a stroke yesterday while in his automobile in the 200 block of West Pratt street. He was taken to University Hospital in a municipal ambulance. UNK at the hospital said he was partially UNK on the right side. His condition was said to be, UNK Police said he became ill while parked in front of a UNK shop at UNK West Pratt street. UNK UNK He called Vincent L& UNK proprietor of the shop, who summoned police and an ambulance. The vice president of the City Council complained yesterday that there are UNK in the city's snow clearing program which should be corrected as soon as possible. Councilman William D& Schaefer UNK UNK said in a letter to Mayor Grady that plowing and UNK UNK should be dispatched earlier in storms and should be kept on the job longer than they were last month. UNK CRITICIZED# UNK that several cities to the north were in worse shape than Baltimore after the last storm, Mr& Schaefer listed several improvements he said should be made in the snow plan here. He said the snow plan was put in effect too slowly in December. UNK should be in operation UNK immediately after the first UNK Mr& Schaefer said. The UNK who is the Administration floor leader, also criticized Bernard L& UNK public works director, for UNK snow UNK on Tuesday night after the Sunday storm. UNK HOME FOR UNK Mr& Werner said yesterday that operations continued through the week. What he did, Mr& Werner said, was let manual laborers go home Tuesday night for some rest. Work resumed Wednesday, he said. Mr& Schaefer also recommended that the snow emergency route plan, under which parking is UNK on key streets and cars are required to use snow tires or chains on them, should be UNK UNK UNK that main streets and the central business district should have UNK the Councilman said it is also essential that small shopping areas "not be overlooked **h if our small merchants are to UNK UNK personal observations of clearance work, the Councilman cited instances of inefficient use of equipment or supplies by poorly trained workers and urged that plow blades be set so they do not leave behind a thin layer of snow which eventually UNK _ANNAPOLIS, JAN& 7 (SPECIAL)_- The UNK adopted son of a Washington attorney and his wife, who were murdered early today in their Chesapeake UNK home, has been sent to Spring Grove State Hospital for UNK The victims were H& UNK UNK UNK and his wife, UNK UNK Each had been shot in the back several times with a UNK automatic UNK according to Capt& UNK UNK chief of Anne Arundel UNK Judge Benjamin UNK signed the order UNK the boy to the hospital because of the lack of juvenile accommodations at the Anne Arundel County UNK The Circuit Court UNK said the boy will have a hearing in Juvenile Court. UNK UNK UNK UNK Soon after 10 UNK when police reached the UNK brick home in the Franklin UNK section, 15 miles south of here on the bay, in response to a call from the UNK other son, Lee, 14, they found Mrs& UNK body on the UNK bedroom floor. Her husband was lying on the kitchen floor, police said. The younger son told police his brother had run from the house after the UNK and had driven away in their mother's car. The description of the car was immediately broadcast throughout Southern Maryland on police radio. #TWO UNK UNK Police said the boys are natural brothers and were adopted as small children by the UNK UNK J& A& UNK spotted the wanted car, with three boys, at a Route 2 service station, just outside UNK The driver admitted he was the UNK son and all three were taken to the UNK Station, police said. _ANNAPOLIS, JAN& 7_- Governor UNK today appointed Lloyd L& UNK his administrative UNK as UNK Secretary of State. Mr& Simpkins will move into the post being UNK by Thomas B& UNK earlier named attorney general to succeed C& UNK UNK who will be elevated to an associate UNK on the Maryland Court of UNK Governor UNK announced that a triple UNK ceremony will be held in his office next Friday. UNK FROM UNK Mr& Simpkins is a resident of UNK county, and he and the UNK also a UNK UNK have been friends since Mr& Simpkins was a child. Now 38, Mr& Simpkins was graduated from the University of UNK College of Agriculture in 1947. Five years later, he was awarded the university's degree in law. Mr& Simpkins made a name for himself as a member of the House of UNK from 1951 through 1958. From the outset of his first term, he established himself as one of the guiding spirits of the House of UNK UNK contracts for future construction during October totaled UNK up to 10 per cent compared to October, 1960, F& W& UNK Dodge Corporation, reported. Dodge reported the following UNK UNK at UNK down 28 per cent; residential at UNK up 100 per cent; and heavy engineering at UNK down 45 per cent. The cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to UNK a 4 per cent increase compared to the corresponding period of last year. A breakdown of the UNK total UNK UNK at UNK up 22 per cent; residential at UNK up 12 per cent; and heavy engineering at UNK down 33 per cent. Residential building consists of houses, apartments, hotels, UNK and other buildings designed for shelter. The share of the new housing market enjoyed by apartments, which began about six years ago, has more than tripled within that span of time. In 1961, it is estimated that multiple unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in residential construction. While availability of mortgage money has been a factor in encouraging apartment construction, the generally high level of prosperity in the past few years plus rising consumer income are among the factors that have encouraged builders to concentrate in the UNK field. Although economic and personal circumstances vary widely among those now choosing apartments, Leo J& UNK vice president of a hardware manufacturing company, pointed out recently that many apartment UNK seem to have one characteristic in UNK a desire for greater convenience and freedom from the problems involved in maintaining a house. UNK HELD UNK UNK is therefore the key to the housing market today. UNK UNK quality components will play an increasingly important part in the merchandising of new housing in UNK UNK UNK UNK living units are being added to the UNK Harbor UNK UNK in the Cherry Hill section. Ultimately the development will comprise 300 units, in two-story and UNK structures. Various of the apartments are of the terrace type, being on the ground floor so that entrance is UNK UNK which are reached by walking up a single flight of stairs, have UNK The structures housing the apartments are of masonry and frame construction. UNK is by individual UNK forced warm air systems. UNK in 1962 will account for about 15 per cent of the gross national product, according to a study by UNK Corporation. UNK FEB& 9_- UNK secrets of Britain's first atomic submarine, the UNK and, by UNK of the entire United States navy's UNK nuclear UNK UNK were stolen by a UNK UNK spy ring, secret service agents testified today. The Dreadnought was built on designs supplied by the United States in 1959 and was launched last year. It is a killer UNK that is, a hunter of enemy UNK It has a hull patterned on that of the United States navy's UNK the world's first atomic UNK Its power unit, however, was derived from the reactor of the more modern American nuclear submarine UNK UNK HELD FOR UNK The announcement that the secrets of the Dreadnought had been stolen was made in UNK st& police court here at the end of a three day hearing. A full trial was ordered for: Two British civil UNK Miss Ethel UNK UNK and her newly devoted friend, Harry UNK UNK and UNK They are accused of UNK secrets out of naval UNK over which they kept guard. Gordon A& UNK UNK a mystery man presumed to be Russian altho he carries a Canadian UNK When UNK he had the submarine secrets on a roll of UNK camera film as well as anti-submarine secrets in Christmas gift UNK it was UNK UNK TO UNK A UNK couple who call themselves Peter UNK UNK and wife, UNK UNK Washington, the Federal Bureau of Investigation identified the Krogers as Morris and UNK UNK an American couple formerly of New York UNK In their suburban cottage the crown charges, the Krogers received secrets from the mystery man, usually on the first Saturday evening of each month, and spent much of the week-end getting the secrets off to Moscow, either on a powerful transmitter buried under the kitchen floor or as dots posted over period marks in used books. Each dot on magnification resumed its original condition as a drawing, a printed page, or a UNK All five pleaded UNK Only Miss UNK asked for UNK Her young British lawyer, James UNK pleaded that she was sorely needed at her Portland home by her UNK mother, UNK her UNK aunt, also 80 and UNK for 20 years, and her UNK UNK who once ran a candy shop. UNK TO UNK UNK "I am not prepared to grant bail to any of them", said the UNK UNK UNK The trial will be held, probably the first week of March, in the famous Old UNK central criminal court where UNK Fuchs, the UNK British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the UNK was sentenced to 14 years in prison. UNK years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five, who may have altered history in the UNK Fuchs, after nine and a half years, was released, being given time off for good behavior. He promptly went to communist East Germany. The UNK tonight refused to return to the five UNK in American and British UNK mostly $20 bills, and in British government bonds and UNK "This is Russian UNK said UNK UNK for the attorney UNK office. He asserted that the Krogers were the bankers for Moscow, UNK the Red UNK and the two civil servants the recipients for selling their country's secrets. UNK UNK UNK The fact that secrets of the UNK and thereby of the American undersea UNK were involved in the spy case had been hinted at earlier. But just before luncheon today the fact was announced grimly by the British navy's chief adviser to the cabinet on underwater warfare, Capt& George UNK He said that drawings of the Dreadnought and printed details about the ship were found reproduced in an undeveloped roll of film taken from UNK when he was arrested with the two civil servants outside the Old Vic theater Saturday afternoon, Jan& 7. The information, he said, would have been of the highest value to a potential enemy. UNK UNK Just how many UNK secrets were being handed over when the ring, watched for six months, was broken remained UNK The British defending lawyers, who today increased from three to four, demanded to know if they could make the information involved seem of little value to a jury, the chances of their clients would UNK So in the name of justice the UNK cleared the court of all except officials to allow the captain to elaborate for almost an hour. Almost any information about the Dreadnought would also reveal secrets about the American underwater UNK Britain began designing the ship in 1956 but got nowhere until the American government decided to end a ban on sharing military secrets with Britain that had been imposed after UNK UNK The United States offered to supply a complete set of UNK equipment like that used in the UNK With the machinery went a complete design for the UNK The UNK was a second generation atomic UNK much advanced on the UNK and the other four which preceded it. UNK UNK UNK "Much of the navy's future depends upon UNK an American naval announcement said on the UNK first arrival in British waters in August, 1959, for exhibition to selected high officers at Portland underwater research station. It was there that the two accused civil servants were at work. UNK basic hull form UNK UNK and her nuclear power plant will be used for almost all new submarines, including the potent Polaris missile UNK the statement went on. The atom UNK water cooled, was the result of almost a decade of research at the naval reactors branch of the atomic energy commission and Westinghouse Electric Corp&. UNK development, the reactor and its steam UNK had been reduced greatly in size, and also in complexity, allowing a single UNK to be used, the navy said. The hull was also a result of almost a decade of work. It was first tried out on a conventional submarine, the UNK in 1954. The UNK became the fastest submarine ever built. UNK it could UNK UNK the fastest UNK It could, UNK go 70,000 miles without UNK and stay down more than a month. It was of the hunter-killer type, designed to seek out ships and other submarines with its most advance gear and destroy them with UNK The navy captain disclosed also that a list of questions found in Miss UNK purse would, if completed and handed back, have given the Kremlin a complete picture "of our current anti-submarine effort and would have shown what we are doing in research and development for the future". UNK IN UNK The spy ring also was particularly interested in UNK the underwater equipment for detecting submarines, it was UNK UNK was a vital detail. UNK of parts were sought. Six UNK told how, twice on two days after the ring was UNK a transmitter near Moscow was heard UNK using signals, times and wavelengths specified on codes found hidden in UNK UNK in UNK apartment and the UNK house and also fastened to the transmitter lid. UNK the calls were still heard 11 days after the five were UNK The charge that the federal indictment of three Chicago narcotics detail detectives "is the product of UNK combined with UNK and individual UNK on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before Judge Joseph Sam Perry in federal District court. The UNK Miles J& UNK Sheldon UNK and Richard UNK and eight other defendants are charged in six UNK with conspiracy to violate federal UNK laws. In his opening statement to a jury of eight women and four men, Bernard H& UNK attorney for the UNK said that evidence would show that his clients were UNK UNK UNK TO UNK UNK "When they became members of the city police narcotics UNK Sokol said, "they were told they would have to get to know certain areas of Chicago in which narcotics were sold and they would have to get to know people in the narcotics UNK They, on occasion, posed as UNK and UNK UNK federal and city UNK agents sometimes worked together, Sokol continued, UNK developed when they were UNK at the same UNK This, he added, brought about UNK UNK and UNK personal UNK "In the same five year period that the United States says they [the UNK were engaged in this UNK Sokol continued, "these three young men received a total of 26 UNK mentions and many special UNK and were nominated for the UNK UNK award and the mayor's UNK #NO UNK BY UNK In UNK D& Arthur UNK assistant United States attorney, read the UNK but made no comments. UNK for the eight other defendants said only that there was no proof of their UNK UNK UNK and Teller are accused of selling UNK worth of UNK to a convicted narcotics UNK Otis UNK UNK of UNK Indiana av&. Among other UNK Teller and Austin are accused of paying $800 to UNK The first witness, Moses Winston UNK UNK Michigan av&, a real estate agent and former bail UNK took the stand after opening statements had been made. But court UNK after he testified he introduced James White and UNK Hope UNK two of the UNK and also introduced UNK to UNK UNK a man mentioned in the indictment but not UNK UNK Robinson, 23, of UNK Stewart av&, a ~CTA bus driver, was UNK and robbed last night by a group of youths at UNK street and South Park way. Robinson was treated at a UNK office for a cut over his left UNK and a possible UNK knee. His losses included his money bag, containing UNK to $50 and his UNK UNK Robinson told UNK James Jones and Morgan Lloyd of the Wabash avenue district that 10 youths UNK his south bound express bus in front of Dunbar Vocational High school, 30th street and South Park way, and began UNK When UNK street was reached, Robinson related, he stopped the bus and told the youths he was going to call the ~CTA UNK As he left the bus with his money bag, Robinson added, the largest youth UNK him, a quarrel UNK and the youth knocked him down. Then the youths fled with his money. Mrs& UNK UNK 60, who has spent 25 years in the Dwight UNK for women for the murder in UNK of her UNK UNK UNK then 28, appealed for a parole at a hearing yesterday before two Illinois UNK and parole board members, John M& UNK and Joseph UNK She had been sentenced to 180 years in UNK but former Gov& UNK UNK her term to 75 years, making her eligible for UNK as one of his last acts in office. Mrs& UNK admitted the UNK and said that the son-in-law became her lover after the death of her daughter in UNK It was when he attempted to end the relationship that the murder took place. The son of a wealthy Evanston executive was fined $100 yesterday and forbidden to drive for 60 days for leading an Evanston policeman on a high speed chase over icy Evanston and UNK streets Jan& 20. The UNK William L& Stickney /3, 23, of UNK Park UNK UNK who pleaded guilty to reckless driving, also was ordered by Judge James UNK to attend the Evanston traffic school each Tuesday night for one month. Stickney is a salesman for UNK Inc&, UNK Green Bay UNK UNK a food UNK and grocery chain firm, of which his father, William L& Jr&, is president. Patrolman James F& Simms said he started in pursuit when he saw young Stickney UNK north in Stewart avenue at Central street. At Jenks street, Simms said, the car UNK completely around, just missed two parked cars, and sped east in UNK The car spun around again, Simms said, before Stickney could turn north in Prairie UNK and then violated two stop lights as he traveled north into UNK in UNK UNK UNK UNK APRIL UNK A jury of seven men and five women found UNK Richard Pohl guilty of UNK yesterday in the UNK UNK of Mrs& Anna UNK Pohl received the verdict without visible emotion. He returned to his cell in the county UNK where he has been held since his arrest last July, without a word to his UNK attorney, Jack Walker, or his guard. UNK UNK The verdict brought UNK to the dead woman's UNK Vincent UNK UNK who was tried for the same crime in December, 1958, and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict. Mrs& Hengesbach was killed on Aug& 31, 1958. Hengesbach has been living under a cloud ever since. When the verdict came in against his young neighbor, Hengesbach said: "I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed. Still, I don't wish to appear happy at somebody's else's UNK UNK ON UNK UNK who has been living on welfare recently, said he hopes to rebuild the farm which was settled by his grandfather in UNK 27 miles southwest of here. Hengesbach has been living in Grand UNK since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958. Pohl confessed the UNK while being questioned about several fires in the UNK area by State UNK He also admitted killing Mrs& UNK However, the confession, which was the only evidence against him, was UNK before the trial. UNK IN UNK Assistant Prosecutor Fred Lewis, who tried both the Hengesbach and Pohl cases, said he did not know what would be done about two UNK charges pending against UNK Circuit Judge Paul R& UNK did not set a date for UNK Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or UNK Walker said he was considering filing a motion for a new trial which would contend that the verdict was against the weight of the evidence and that there were several errors in trial procedure. UNK IN UNK A verdict against Pohl came at UNK p&m& after almost UNK hours of UNK The jury, which was locked up in a motel overnight, was UNK at the request of Walker after the verdict was announced. The jury UNK Mrs& UNK UNK of rural UNK said that a ballot was not even taken until yesterday morning and that the first day of UNK was spent in going over the evidence. She said the jurors agreed that Pohl's confession was UNK The jury asked Judge UNK to send in his written definition of the difference between first and UNK murder and UNK The verdict came three hours later. Some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read. The trial had packed the large UNK for more than a week. A Sterling UNK family of six surviving children, whose mother died yesterday as the UNK to a fire that also killed one of the children, found today they had the help of hundreds of neighbors and school friends. While neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother's duties, fund-raising events were being planned by a UNK association and a student council for the UNK Henry Kowalski family, UNK UNK Mrs& Eleanor Kowalski, 42, died yesterday afternoon in Holy Cross Hospital of burns suffered in a fire that followed a UNK gas explosion Saturday night at the flat of her UNK mother, Mrs& Mary UNK in the adjoining suburb of Warren. UNK UNK Funeral services for Mrs& Kowalski and her daughter, UNK 11, who died of burns at the same hospital Monday, have been scheduled for 10 a&m& tomorrow in St& Anne's Catholic Church, UNK UNK in Warren. The mother and daughter, who will be buried side by side in Mt& UNK UNK rested together today in closed UNK at the UNK Elliott Funeral UNK UNK UNK Warren. Mrs& UNK 61, remained in Holy Cross Hospital as a result of the UNK which occurred while Mrs& Kowalski UNK a cook stove in the grandmother's small upstairs flat at UNK Eight Mile road east. UNK UNK Assistant Fire Chief Chester Cornell said gas fumes apparently were UNK by a candle which one of the three Kowalski girls present held for her mother, because the flat lacked electricity. UNK twin sister, UNK and UNK Kowalski, 8, escaped with minor UNK They are home now with the other Kowalski children, UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK 2; and UNK 1. "All we have left in the world is one another, and we must stay together the way Mother UNK Kowalski said in telling his children of their mother's death yesterday afternoon. Kowalski, a UNK who seldom worked last winter, already was in arrears on their recently purchased UNK home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills. UNK UNK UNK women, such as Mrs& Sidney Baker, UNK UNK Sterling UNK have been supplying the family with meals and handling household chores with UNK UNK Mrs& Anna Kowalski, UNK UNK East UNK Another neighbor, Mrs& Frank C& Smith, UNK UNK UNK Sterling UNK surprised Kowalski by coming to the home yesterday with $135 collected locally toward the UNK funeral costs. John C& UNK president of the UNK UNK UNK Association, followed that by announcing plans last night for a UNK fund drive throughout their subdivision on behalf of the Kowalski family. UNK HELP UNK UNK said 6 p&m& Friday had been set for a canvass of all UNK homes in the UNK which is located northeast of UNK and 14 Mile road east. He said contributions also could be mailed to Post Office UNK UNK Warren Village UNK UNK Kowalski meanwhile learned that several of her fellow students had collected almost $25 for her family during the lunch hour yesterday at UNK Junior High School, UNK UNK Mile road east. Principal Clayton W& UNK said he would allow a further collection between classes today, and revealed that UNK Club past surpluses had been used to provide a private hospital nurse Monday for Mrs& UNK UNK FROM UNK Student Council officers announced today the Kowalski family would be given the combined proceeds from a school dance held two weeks ago, and another dance for UNK UNK students this Friday night. UNK faculty is proud that this has been a spontaneous effort, started largely among the students themselves, because of fondness for UNK and sympathy for her entire family, UNK said. There also were reports of a collection at the County Line Elementary School, UNK UNK which has been attended this year by four of the Kowalski children including UNK UNK UNK Kowalski has spoken but little since the fire last Saturday. But today he wanted to make a public statement. "I never knew there were such neighbors and friends around me and my family. I wasn't sure there were such people anywhere in the world. I'll need more than a single day to find the words to properly express my thanks to them". An alert 10-year-old safety patrol boy was congratulated by police today for his part in obtaining a reckless driving conviction against a youthful UNK Patrolman George UNK of McClellan Station, said he would recommend a special safety citation for Ralph UNK UNK UNK east, a third UNK at the UNK School, for his assistance in the case. Kimmell said he and Ralph were helping children across UNK at UNK Monday afternoon when a car heading north on UNK stopped UNK inside the pedestrian UNK UNK UNK UNK Kimmell ordered the driver to back up, watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly UNK off at high UNK he said, narrowly missing him. UNK a passing car, Kimmell pursued the fleeing vehicle, but lost it in traffic. UNK to the school UNK the officer was informed by the UNK boy that he recognized the driver, a neighbor, and had obtained the license number. The UNK later was identified as Richard UNK 17, of UNK McClellan, currently on probation and under court order not to drive. UNK 15 UNK He was found guilty of reckless driving yesterday by Traffic Judge George T& UNK who continued his UNK probation for another year and ordered him to spend 15 days in the Detroit House of UNK The jail sentence is to begin the day after UNK graduates from Eastern High School in June. The long crisis in Laos appeared nearing a showdown today. Britain announced that it is asking the Soviet Union to agree tomorrow to an immediate cease-fire. UNK UNK In Vientiane, the royal Laotian government decided today to ask its UNK and UNK for help in fighting what it called a new rebel offensive threatening the southeast Asian kingdom. Britain's plans to press Russia for a definite cease-fire timetable was announced in London by Foreign Secretary Lord UNK He said Britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be UNK sent to New Delhi and from there to Laos to verify the cease-fire. A UNK conference on Laos should then meet on May 5, he said. UNK FOR UNK The Laos government plea for help was made by Foreign Minister UNK UNK He indicated that requests would be made for more U&S& arms and more U&S& military UNK He declared the government is thinking of asking for foreign troops if the situation UNK One of the first moves made after a cabinet decision was to request the United States to establish a UNK military assistance group instead of the current civilian body. A note making the request was handed to U&S& Ambassador Winthrop G& Brown. UNK UNK The Laos government said four major Pathet Lao rebel attacks had been launched, heavily supported by troops from Communist North Viet Nam. The minister, describing the attacks which led up to the UNK said that 60,000 Communist North Vietnamese were fighting royal army troops on one UNK near UNK in UNK Laos. There was no confirmation of such massive assaults from independent sources. In the past such government claims have been found exaggerated. UNK APRIL UNK Two Americans and seven Cubans were executed by firing UNK today as Castro military UNK began UNK the death penalty for captured invasion forces and suspected UNK A Havana radio broadcast identified the Americans as Howard Anderson and August Jack UNK The executions took place at dawn only a few hours after Havana radio announced their conviction by a revolutionary UNK at UNK del UNK where the executions took place. UNK UNK UNK The broadcast said Anderson, a UNK UNK and Havana UNK and UNK of UNK were condemned on charges of UNK arms to Cuban UNK Anderson operated three Havana automobile service stations and was commander of the Havana American Legion post before it UNK since the start of Fidel Castro's regime. Anderson's wife and four children live in Miami. UNK 25, was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a UNK of rifles in UNK del UNK about 35 miles from Havana. UNK UNK UNK At least 20 other Americans were reported to have been arrested in a mass political UNK Among them were a number of UNK including Henry UNK of United Press UNK and Robert UNK of Associated UNK So many Cubans were reported being swept into the Castro UNK that the massive Sports Palace auditorium and at least one hotel were converted into makeshift UNK More than 1,000 were said to have been UNK 100 of them Roman Catholic UNK Of the millions who have served time in concentration camps in UNK as political prisoners of the Soviet state, few emerge in the West to tell about it. M& UNK the name is a UNK was a teacher in UNK and a member of the UNK UNK Federation UNK two reasons the Communists put him away when they arrived in 1945. Today, M& UNK was in Detroit, en route to join his wife and children in UNK Emory University's Board of Trustees announced Friday that it was prepared to accept students of any race as soon as the state's tax laws made such a step possible. "Emory University's charter and UNK have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of UNK board chairman Henry L& UNK UNK But an official statement adopted by the UNK Emory board at its annual meeting Friday noted that state taxing requirements at present are a roadblock to accepting Negroes. The statement explained that under the Georgia Constitution and state law, tax-exempt status is granted to educational institutions only if they are UNK "Emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning, of true university grade, and meet its financial UNK without the UNK privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the UNK constitutional and statutory UNK the statement said. The statement did not mention what steps might be taken to overcome the legal obstacles to desegregation. An Emory spokesman indicated, however, that the university itself did not intend to make any test of the laws. The Georgia Constitution gives the Legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if, among other criteria, "all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people, and all endowments to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people". At least two private colleges in the Atlanta area now or in the past have had integrated student bodies, but their tax-exempt status never has been challenged by the state. Emory is affiliated with the Methodist Church. Some church leaders, both clerical and UNK have criticized the university for not taking the lead in desegregation. UNK IN UNK The student newspaper, The Emory UNK as early as the fall of 1954 called for desegregation. "From its UNK the UNK statement said Friday, "Emory University has assumed as its primary commitment a dedication to excellence in Christian higher learning. UNK research and study, according to highest standards, under Christian influence, are paramount in the Emory University policy. "As a private institution, supported by generous individuals, Emory University will recognize no obligation and will adopt no policy that would conflict with its purpose to promote excellence in scholarship and Christian education. "There is not now, nor has there ever been in Emory University's charter or UNK any requirement that students be admitted or rejected on the basis of race, color or creed. UNK as its own governing documents are concerned, Emory University could now consider applications from prospective students, and others seeking applications from prospective students, and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university, irrespective of race, color or creed. UNK UNK "On the other hand, Emory University derives its corporate existence from the State of Georgia. **h "When and if it can do so without UNK constitutional and statutory UNK privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities, Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race, color or UNK continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher UNK A young man was killed and two others injured at midnight Friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on Lake Avenue near UNK Street, UNK police said. The dead youth was identified as Robert E& UNK 19, of UNK Oak UNK UNK UNK Patrolman G& E& UNK said the car evidently slid out of control on UNK streets and slammed into the UNK The other occupants were James Willard UNK 18, of UNK UNK de Leon Ave&, UNK and Larry UNK Barnett, 19, of UNK Hill St&, UNK both of whom were treated at Grady Hospital for severe UNK and bruises. The Atlanta Negro student movement renewed its demands for movie theater integration Friday and threatened UNK and UNK if negotiations failed. The demands were set forth in letters to seven owners of UNK theaters by the Committee on Appeal for Human Rights. UNK TO UNK "We intend to attend the downtown theaters before the first of the year", the UNK worded letters said. The letters set a Nov& 15 deadline for the start of negotiations. They indicated that UNK and UNK would be started if theater owners failed to UNK UNK and art theater managers and owners, contacted Friday night for comment on the ~COAHR request, said they had no knowledge of such a letter, and that it was not in the Friday mail. However, three of the managers did say that they would agree to attend the proposed meeting if all of the other managers decided to attend. UNK UNK The ~COAHR letter comes on the eve of a large gathering of theater managers and owners scheduled to begin here Sunday. Several theater operators said, however, that there is little likelihood of the subject being discussed during the UNK affair. Student leaders began sporadic efforts to negotiate theater integration several months ago. Charles A& Black, ~COAHR chairman, said Friday that three theater representatives had agreed to meet with the students on Oct& 31 but had failed to show up. He declined to name the three. UNK letters asked for a Nov& 15 meeting. Failure to attend the meeting or explain inability to attend, the letters said, would be considered a UNK of UNK Black said ~COAHR UNK to be able to integrate the theaters without taking direct action, but we are pledged to using every legal and UNK means at our disposal **h" A prepared statement released by the student group Friday stated that UNK research by ~COAHR into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and UNK before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits **h" Besides managers of downtown theaters, the students sent letters to owners of art theaters in the uptown area and UNK UNK E& UNK Raymond E& Killingsworth, UNK died Sunday at his home at UNK UNK St&, UNK Mr& UNK was a UNK with ~S and UNK UNK He was born in UNK UNK and was a veteran of World War /1,. He was a member of the Baptist church. Survivors include two brothers, C& E& Killingsworth, Atlanta, and John Killingsworth, Warren, Ohio; and two sisters, Miss UNK UNK and Mrs& UNK UNK both of UNK Pa&. UNK W& UNK John William UNK UNK of 133 UNK St& ~NW, UNK UNK died Sunday at his home. Mr& Ball was a house UNK He was a member of the UNK City Methodist Church and a native of Atlanta. Funeral services will be at 2 p&m& Tuesday at UNK Chapel with the Rev& J& H& UNK UNK Survivors include his sister, Mrs& UNK B& UNK of Atlanta. UNK UNK UNK Mrs& UNK M& Harris, a native of Atlanta, died Sunday at her home in Garland, UNK Survivors include a son, Charles R& UNK UNK UNK two UNK Mrs& Gene F& UNK and Miss UNK Harris, both of UNK her father, H& T& UNK UNK UNK and three sisters, Mrs& W& E& Little and Mrs& Hal B& UNK both of Atlanta, and Mrs& Bill UNK UNK UNK A UNK Atlanta man was arrested Sunday after breaking into the home of relatives in search of his wife, hitting his uncle with a rock and UNK two police officers who tried to UNK him, police said. UNK J& W& Slate and A& L& UNK Jr& said they arrested UNK M& Thomas, of UNK UNK St&, ~NW, after he assaulted the officers. UNK UNK The officers gave this UNK Thomas early Sunday went to the home of his uncle and aunt, Mr& and Mrs& R& C& Thomas, UNK UNK St&, ~NW, looking for his wife, Margaret Lou Thomas, 18, and their UNK baby. The younger Thomas UNK a screen door, breaking the UNK and after an argument struck his uncle with a UNK scratching his face. He also struck his UNK and wife, and during the UNK the baby also suffered UNK When police arrived the man was still UNK Slate said. UNK UNK He attacked one of the officers and was UNK About five minutes later he jumped up, Slate said, and struck the two policemen again. He was then subdued and placed in the police car to be taken to Grady Hospital for treatment of scratches received in the UNK Then he attacked the two officers again and was again UNK Slate UNK Slate said he and UNK received cuts and scratches and their uniforms were badly UNK Thomas was charged with four counts of assault and UNK Two counts of assault on an officer, UNK UNK disturbance and UNK police said. A hearing was set for 8:30 a&m& Tuesday. Mrs& Mary UNK who knows more than any other person about the 5,000 city employes for whom she has kept personnel records over the years, has closed her desk and retired. Over the weekend, Mrs& UNK personnel clerk, was a UNK and honored guest of the Atlanta Club, organization of women employes at City Hall. After 18 years in the personnel office, she has taken a disability pension on advice of her doctors. As personnel clerk, she handled thousands of UNK ranging from appointments to jobs, to transfers to other UNK to UNK "I have enjoyed it and will feel a bit lost at least for a while", she said UNK Friday. One of the largest crowds in the club's history turned out to pay tribute to Mrs& UNK and her service. Georgia's Department of Agriculture is UNK its fire ant eradication program in an effort to stay ahead of the UNK UNK The department is planning to expand its eradication program soon to four additional UNK UNK Pierce, Bryan and UNK to treat UNK acres UNK by the UNK according to W& E& Blasingame state UNK UNK planes will spread a UNK UNK UNK over 30,000 acres in UNK UNK acres in UNK and UNK acres in UNK and Bryan counties. The eradication effort is being pushed in UNK and Jones counties, over UNK acres. The department has just finished treating 20,000 acres in urban areas of UNK Also being treated are Houston, UNK UNK Turner and Dodge counties, Blasingame said. The fire ant is thought to UNK approximately two million acres of land in Georgia, attacking UNK young wildlife and livestock and can be a serious health menace to humans who are UNK to its UNK Blasingame said. The UNK entrance to the Expressway at 14th Street will be closed during the afternoon rush traffic hours this week. This is being done so that Georgia Tech can complete the final phase of a traffic survey on the North UNK Students have been using electric computers and high speed movie cameras during the study. Perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the UNK and suggest methods to eliminate it. Incidentally, 14th Street and the Expressway is the high accident intersection during daylight hours. It is followed by UNK Street and UNK Avenue, UNK the junction of the Northeast and Northwest UNK and Jones Avenue and UNK Street, UNK Four persons died in Georgia weekend traffic UNK two of them in a fiery crash near UNK the State UNK said Sunday. The latest death reported was that of UNK Claude Douglas UNK of UNK UNK said the child ran into the path of a passing car a half-mile north of UNK on Georgia UNK in Grady County. That death occurred at UNK p&m& Friday and was reported Sunday, the patrol said. UNK INTO UNK An auto UNK UNK into a stopped UNK and burst into flames near UNK the patrol said. Bobby UNK UNK 21, of UNK 3, UNK and Mrs& UNK UNK Jones, 23, of UNK died in the flaming car, the patrol said. UNK (SPECIAL)_- For a second month in a row, Multnomah County may be short of general assistance money in its budget to handle an unusually high summer UNK need, the state public welfare commission was told Friday. It is the only county in the state so far this month reporting a possible shortage in UNK category, for which emergency allotment can be given by the state if necessary. William UNK director of field service, told the commissioners that UNK as of Aug& 22, had spent UNK out of its UNK UNK in the category, leaving only UNK for the rest of the month. At the rate of need indicated in the early weeks of the month, this could mean a shortage of as high as UNK But it probably will be less because of a usual UNK during the last weeks of each month, UNK said. No request for emergency allotment had yet been received, however. UNK UNK UNK The UNK meeting for the first time with both of its UNK commissioners, Roy UNK of UNK River, and Dr& UNK UNK of North UNK approved a year's contract for a consultant in the data processing department who has been the center of considerable controversy in the past. The contract with Ray UNK who has been UNK the agencies electronic data processing program to magnetic tape, would renew his present salary of UNK an hour up to a maximum of 200 hours a month. Field does the planning for the machine operations and fiscal processes and the adapting of the data processing system to new programs as they are made necessary by legislative and policy changes. Acting UNK Andrew F& UNK said that because of UNK unique position and knowledge in the program, the agency now would be seriously handicapped if he was not continued for a period. But he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field UNK and he said he personally UNK very much that the agency has not done this in the UNK He pointed out to the commissioners that the agency was literally dependent now on the machine UNK "and the whole wheels of the agency would stop if it broke down or the three or four persons directing it were to UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK said he insisted Field be continued on a consultant basis only and be UNK directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government. He also said that the salary, in terms of going rates in the field, was UNK in terms of the man's responsibility. The conversion to magnetic tape is not yet completed, he said, and added UNK long service in state government and welfare employ gave him familiarity with the welfare program. "Do you feel you can stand up to the next legislative session and defend this UNK asked Mrs& Grace O& Peck, representative from Multnomah County, of the commission chairman, Joseph E& Harvey Jr&. "My feeling at the UNK he said, "is that we have no UNK irrespective of some of the arguments about him. The continued operation of this program depends on having his UNK UNK CRITICIZED# Mrs& Peck, later joined by the UNK UNK Mrs& Lee UNK took Harvey to task for comments he had made to the North Portland Rotary Club Tuesday. A publicity release from Oregon UNK Service, of which Harvey is president, quoted him as saying the welfare office move to Salem, instead of UNK the agency, had provided an avenue to correct administrative UNK with the key being improved communications between UNK and the commission staff. "I rather UNK she said, "you speaking to those groups in Portland as though just the move accomplished this. **h I think you fell short of the real truth in the UNK That the move is working out through the fine cooperation of the staff and all the people. **h The staff deserves a lot of credit working down here under real UNK Harvey said his objective was to create a better public image for UNK The wife of convicted bank UNK Lawrence G& Huntley was arrested in Phoenix, Ariz&, last week and will be returned to Portland to face charges of assault and UNK Portland detectives said Friday. Mrs& UNK Huntley is accused of driving the UNK car used in a UNK of the UNK UNK UNK UNK E& UNK St&, in April of 1959. Her husband, who was sentenced to 15 years in the federal prison at UNK Island last April for UNK of the UNK branch of Multnomah Bank, also was charged with the store UNK UNK Grand UNK UNK were returned against the pair last week, Detective Murray UNK reported. The Phoenix arrest culminates more than a year's investigation by Detective William Taylor and other officers. Taylor said Mrs& Huntley and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 Portland UNK in spring of 1959 in which the UNK men bound their victims with tape before UNK Mrs& Huntley was held on $20,000 bond in UNK She was arrested by Phoenix Police after they received the indictment papers from Portland UNK A UNK girl, Susan Elaine Smith, UNK UNK UNK St& was in serious condition Friday at UNK UNK Hospital, victim of a UNK collision in the UNK UNK Center, parking area, Deputy Sheriff W& H& UNK reported. Funeral for William Joseph UNK UNK UNK UNK Ave&, who died Thursday in Portland, will be Monday 1 p&m& at the UNK UNK Mr& UNK born in Brooklyn, N&Y&, Dec& 15, UNK came to Portland in UNK He owned a logging equipment business here from UNK to 1928, and later became Northwest district manager for UNK Co&. He retired in 1958. Survivors are his widow, UNK a son, William, Seattle, UNK three sisters, Mrs& Eugene UNK Los Angeles, Mrs& Lucy UNK UNK New York City, and Mrs& Beatrice UNK New York City, and five grandchildren. UNK of Montgomery Ward + Co& at The UNK in a National Labor Relations Board election Thursday voted to UNK Local UNK UNK UNK International Association, ~AFL-~CIO, as their collective bargaining agent. The UNK said that of 11 potentially eligible voters eight voted against the union, two voted for it, and one vote was UNK Monte Brooks, UNK theatrical producer and band leader, collapsed and died Thursday in a Lloyd Center UNK He lived at UNK N& Willamette Blvd&. For many years he had provided music and entertainment for functions throughout the Northwest. These included Oregon State UNK for which he had been booked on and off, for 30 years. He collaborated with many of the big name entertainers visiting Portland, among the most recent being Jimmy UNK and Phil UNK He had conducted the UNK band in a series of concerts at Blue Lake park during the summer months. Mr& Brooks was born in New York, and came to Portland in UNK He planned at one time to enter the legal profession, but gave up the plan in favor of the entertainment field. He was a member of Harmony UNK No& 12, UNK Scottish UNK Al UNK Temple of the UNK Order of UNK Lodge No& UNK 40 + 8 UNK No& 25, UNK Union, Local UNK He was a former commander of Willamette UNK UNK and a member of UNK UNK UNK Survivors are his widow, UNK a son, Sheldon UNK a daughter, Mrs& Sidney S& Stein Jr&, UNK Calif&; a sister, Mrs& UNK UNK two brothers, Charley and Aaron UNK San UNK and five grandchildren. Services will be at 2:30 p&m& Monday at UNK + Son Funeral UNK with UNK in UNK UNK UNK The family requests that flowers be omitted. A UNK Portland businessman and his Junior Achievement company, have been judged the UNK of the Year" in national competition completed this week at Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio. UNK Larson, a junior at Wilson High School and president of Spice-Nice, is the young executive who guided his firm to the UNK position over the UNK other Junior Achievement companies in the United States and Canada. The award is the first such honor in the UNK history of UNK activities in Portland, according to Ralph UNK local executive director for Junior UNK Spice-Nice, counseled by UNK Corp&, had previously taken UNK honors in both local competition and the regional conference at San Francisco. The UNK company set records with UNK in sales of its products, a selection of barbecue UNK and paid stockholders a 20 per cent dividend on their investment. UNK DO BUSINESS# The Junior Achievement program is designed to give teenagers practical experience in business by allowing them actually to form small companies, under the guidance and sponsorship of business firms. The youngsters sell stock, produce and sell a product, pay taxes, and show a profit **h or loss **h just like UNK businesses. National competition was the culmination of work which began with the school year last fall and continued until just before summer vacation. UNK in the 27 Portland companies worked one night a week through the school year, guided and counseled by adult advisors drawn from local business and industry. Over 400 Portland firms contributed funds for the maintenance of Junior Achievement headquarters here. For winning UNK will receive a $100 U&S& Savings Bond from the Junior Achievement national organization. His company, Spice-Nice, will receive a $250 award, which will be distributed among the 16 charter members. UNK MEN UNK UNK for the "national UNK company were John K& Morgan, William H& Baker, Leonard UNK and William F& UNK all of UNK Corp&. Young UNK is the son of Mr& and Mrs& Lawrence Larson, UNK ~SW Nevada UNK UNK Other members of the Portland delegation attending the conference in Columbus are: UNK Mason, Jefferson high school; Phil UNK Madison high school; Ann UNK UNK Richard E& UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK Carlson, UNK UNK (SPECIAL)_- Washington UNK UNK annual fair will close Saturday evening with 4-~H and UNK awards program at 7, public dance at 8 and variety show at UNK On the day's schedule are a flower show, 4-~H UNK contest and UNK shows, the latter at 11 a&m& and 3 p&m&. UNK continued to run ahead of last year's during the UNK show, with clear skies helping attract UNK UNK ballroom dancers from the studio of Helen UNK UNK of Hillsboro won the UNK talent contest. Bill Davis UNK of Hillsboro was second and baton UNK Sue Ann UNK of UNK third. UNK from the UNK east end failed to place. UNK UNK Jossy of North Plains won grand champion honors of the 4-~H sheep UNK contest. Blue ribbons went to UNK Shaw of Hillsboro, Larry Hinton of UNK Joan UNK of Hillsboro, UNK Jossy of North UNK Jane Cox of North UNK UNK Jossy of Hillsboro, UNK Jossy of North Plains and UNK and Tom UNK of UNK Tom Day of Beaverton exhibited the grand champion 4-~H market UNK a Chester UNK Also winning blue ribbons were Bob Day of UNK Tony UNK of Beaverton and Steve Hutchins of Banks. UNK UNK championship went to Bob Day, with Tom Day and Hutchins winning other UNK Charles Reynolds of UNK Ridge was rabbit UNK UNK In poultry UNK blues were won by John UNK of UNK Anne UNK of Hillsboro, Jim Shaw of Hillsboro, UNK Shaw of Hillsboro and Lynn Robinson of UNK Blue ribbon for one dozen white eggs was taken by UNK In open class poultry, Donald UNK of UNK had the champion male and female bird and grand champion UNK John UNK + Son of UNK was the only UNK in open class UNK and swept all UNK UNK UNK 13, of UNK UNK cooked the championship junior dollar dinner. UNK UNK high school senior from UNK had the championship dollar dinner, and UNK UNK of Hillsboro also won a blue UNK Barbara UNK of UNK took top senior individual home economics honors with a demonstration called UNK hats. About 70 North Providence taxpayers made appeals to the board of tax UNK for a review of their 1961 tax assessments during the last two days at the town hall in UNK These were the last two days set aside by the board for hearing UNK Appeals were heard for two days two weeks ago. About 75 persons appeared at that time. Louis H& UNK clerk of the board, said that the appeals will be reviewed in December at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes. They also will visit properties on which appeals have been made. Any adjustments which are made, Mr& UNK said earlier this month, will appear on the balance of the tax bill since most of the town's taxpayers take the option of paying quarterly with the balance due next year. John UNK UNK of UNK UNK Avenue, Providence, complained of shoulder pains after an accident in which a car he was driving UNK with a car driven by Antonio UNK 25, of 12 UNK St&, Providence, on UNK Avenue and Cherry Hill Road in Johnston yesterday. Mr& UNK had started to turn left off UNK Avenue onto Cherry Hill Road when his car was struck by the UNK car, police said. Both cars were slightly UNK Mr& UNK was taken to a nearby Johnston UNK Dr& Allan A& UNK who treated him. Mr& UNK was UNK UNK yesterday UNK a home in the Garden Hills section of Cranston and stole an estimated UNK worth of UNK UNK foreign UNK and American dollars. Mr& and Mrs& Stephen M& UNK reported the theft at their home on 41 Garden Hills Drive at about 6 last night. They told police the UNK took a mink coat worth UNK a black Persian lamb jacket worth UNK a wallet with UNK in it; a collection of English, French and German coins, valued at UNK four UNK a watch and a set of UNK UNK One of the UNK was a white gold band with a diamond setting, valued at UNK The others were valued at UNK $75 and UNK The watch was valued at UNK and the UNK at UNK The UNK told police they left home at 8 a&m& and returned about UNK p&m& and found the house had been entered. Patrolman Robert J& UNK who investigated, said the thieves broke in through the back door. UNK and cabinets in two UNK and a sewing room were UNK The city sewer maintenance division said efforts will be made Sunday to clear a UNK in a sewer connection at UNK and UNK UNK responsible for UNK raw sewage into the Providence River. The division said it would be impossible to work on the line until then because of the large amount of acid sewage from UNK plants in the area flowing through the line, heavy vehicle traffic on UNK Street and tide conditions. A UNK house at UNK UNK Street has been purchased by Brown University from Lawrence J& Sullivan, according to a deed filed Monday at City Hall. F& Morris UNK university vice president and business manager, said the house has been bought to provide rental housing for faculty families, particularly for those here for a limited time. UNK of UNK garbage and rubbish collection contractor UNK the UNK UNK site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions. Thomas UNK head of Rhode Island UNK Service, Inc&, said four of the company's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers. Sydney Larson, a staff representative for the United Steel UNK which the UNK 25 workers joined before UNK said the state Labor Relations Board has been asked to set up an election to pick a bargaining agent. A UNK UNK man, Lester E& Stone of 19 Beverly UNK was in satisfactory condition last night at Our Lady of UNK Hospital, North Providence, with injuries suffered when a car he was driving struck a utility pole on UNK Avenue in North Providence near Stevens Street. Mr& Stone suffered UNK UNK and chest UNK hospital authorities said. He was taken to the hospital by the North Providence ambulance. Before hitting the UNK Mr& UNK car brushed against a car driven by UNK W& UNK 21, of 23 UNK Ave&, North Providence, tearing away the rear UNK and UNK the left rear fender of the UNK car, police said. Mr& UNK was UNK The impact with the utility pole caused a brief power failure in the immediate area of the UNK One house was without power for about half an hour, a Narragansett Electric Co& spokesman said. The power was off for about five minutes in houses along Smith Street as far away as UNK Hill Avenue shortly before 5 p&m& when the accident occurred. The fight over the Warwick School UNK appointment of a coordinator of audio-visual education may go to the state Supreme Court, it appeared last night. Two members of the UNK majority on the school board said they probably would vote to appeal a ruling by the state Board of Education, which said yesterday that the school committee acted UNK in its appointment of the UNK Francis P& UNK UNK the UNK committee chairman, could not be reached for comment. In its UNK the state Board of Education upheld Dr& Michael F& UNK state commissioner of education, who had ruled previously that the Warwick board UNK when it named Maurice F& UNK as coordinator of audio-visual education without first finding that the school UNK candidate was not suitable. UNK Clarence S& Taylor had recommended Roger I& UNK for the post. Milton and UNK UNK of Cranston were awarded UNK damages from the state in Superior Court yesterday for industrial property which they owned at UNK UNK Ave&, Providence, and which was condemned for use in construction of Interstate Route UNK The award was made by Judge Fred B& UNK who heard their petition without a jury by agreement of the parties. The award, without interest, compared with a valuation of UNK placed on the property by the property UNK real estate expert, and a valuation of UNK placed on it by the state's expert. The property included a one-story brick manufacturing building on UNK square feet of land. UNK UNK represented the owners. Atty& Gen& J& Joseph UNK appeared for the state. UNK UNK in charge of the UNK Santa UNK Fund are looking for the usual generous response this year from Cranston residents. Persons who find it convenient may send their contributions to the UNK Cranston office at UNK Park Avenue. All contributed will be UNK The fund's statewide UNK this year is UNK to provide Christmas gifts for needy youngsters. UNK of Cranston children will be UNK Cranston residents have been generous contributors to the fund over the years. Public school children have adopted the fund as one of their favorite Christmas charities and their UNK UNK UNK and quarters aid greatly in helping Santa to reach the fund's goal. Bernard UNK 20, of 19 Fletcher Ave&, Cranston, was admitted to Roger Williams Hospital shortly before UNK a&m& yesterday after a hunting accident in which a shotgun he was carrying discharged against his UNK Mr& UNK was given first aid at Johnston UNK 1. UNK where he had been driven by a UNK The two had been hunting in the UNK area of town and Mr& UNK dropped the gun which fired as it struck the ground. Hospital officials said the injury was severe but the youth was in good condition last night. A check for UNK representing the last payment of a UNK federal grant to Rhode Island Hospital was presented to the hospital administrator, Oliver G& UNK yesterday by Governor UNK The hospital has used the money to assist in alterations on the fifth floor of the Jane Brown Hospital, part of Rhode Island Hospital. The work added eight beds to the hospital, giving it a total capacity of UNK general UNK Vincent UNK founder and board chairman of the UNK UNK Co&, has been designated a UNK of the Order of UNK of the Republic of Italy. The decoration will be presented by A& UNK Italian UNK general in Boston, at a ceremony at 2:30 p& m& on Dec& 7 at the plant, which this year is celebrating its golden anniversary. About 500 employes of the firm will be on hand to witness bestowal of the honor upon Mr& UNK Mr& UNK will be honored on the evening of Dec& 7 at a dinner to be given by the UNK Club at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel. The UNK UNK picket escort UNK has arrived back at Newport after three months' patrol in North Atlantic waters marked by mercy jobs UNK and UNK On Sept& 6, the UNK rescued the crew of a UNK they found drifting on a life UNK after they had abandoned a sinking ship. In August while stopping in UNK Scotland, three members of the crew on liberty rendered first aid to a girl who fell from a UNK Local authorities credited the men with saving the girl's life. UNK UNK (~AP)_- The ~FBI yesterday arrested on a perjury charge one of the members of the jury that failed to reach a verdict in the UNK UNK bus burning trial four weeks ago. U&S& Attorney Macon Weaver said the federal UNK charged that the juror gave false information when asked about Ku Klux UNK membership during selection of jury. He identified the man as Lewis Martin Parker, UNK a farmer of UNK Ala&. Eight men were tried together in U&S& District Court in UNK UNK on charges of interfering with interstate transportation and conspiracy growing out of a white UNK attack on a UNK bus carrying the first of the Freedom UNK The bus was burned outside UNK One of the eight defendants was freed on a directed verdict of UNK A UNK was declared in the case against the other seven when the jury was unable to agree on a verdict. The arrest of Mr& Parker marks the third charge of UNK involving the jury that heard the case. The first incident occurred before the trial got under way when Judge H& UNK UNK told the jury panel he had heard reports of UNK efforts. He asked members of the panel to tell him if anyone outside the court had spoken to them about the case. Two members of the panel later told in court about receiving telephone calls at their homes from anonymous persons expressing interest in the trial. Neither was seated on the jury. Then, when the case went to the jury, the judge UNK one of the UNK saying the juror had told him he had been UNK by masked men at his motel the night before the trial opened. The juror said the masked men had advised him to be UNK The judge replaced the juror with an UNK No formal charges have been filed as a result of either of the two reported UNK At the opening of the trial, the jury panel was questioned as a group by Mr& Weaver about Ku Klux UNK UNK One member of the UNK not Mr& UNK indicated he had been a member of the UNK at one time. He was not seated on the jury. The perjury charge against Mr& Parker carries a maximum penalty of $2,000 fine and five years imprisonment on conviction. _NEW UNK (~UPI)_- The New York University Board of Trustees has elected the youngest president in the UNK history of UNK it was announced yesterday. The new president is UNK Dr& James UNK Hester, currently dean of the UNK UNK School of Arts and UNK He will take over his new post Jan& 1. Dr& Hester, also one of the youngest men ever to head a major American university, succeeds Dr& Carroll V& UNK who resigned last September to join UNK Inc& publishing firm. Dr& Hester, of Princeton, UNK is a native of UNK UNK He joined UNK in September, 1960. Prior to that he was associated with Long Island University in UNK UNK MARCH UNK UNK spraying programs conducted by UNK with narrow training and little UNK are endangering crops and UNK Carl W& UNK president of the National Audubon Society, said today. "It is like handing a loaded .45 automatic to an UNK and telling him to run out and UNK he UNK Buchheister told delegates to the West Coast Audubon UNK that aerial spraying in Louisiana failed to destroy its target, the fire UNK "But it did destroy the natural controls of a UNK and released a new plague that wrecked a sugar cane UNK he said. The conservation leader said other mistakes in spraying had caused serious damage in Ohio and UNK There have even been serious errors in the U& S& Forest Service, whose officials pride themselves in their scientific training, he added. "The news of their experiments reach the farmers who, forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and UNK are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally UNK their grapes or their UNK Buchheister told the UNK In addition to urging greater restrictions on aerial UNK Buchheister called for support of the UNK bill, creation of national seashore parks, including Point UNK preservation of the UNK where birds UNK a UNK UNK act; stronger water pollution control programs, and Federal ratification of an international convention to halt pollution of the sea by oil. The Reed Rogers UNK UNK UNK Life UNK in UNK county on Friday officially became the property of the National Audubon Society. Mrs& Norman UNK president of the UNK Conservation League, handed over the deed to the UNK UNK tract south of UNK Beach to Carl W& UNK president of the Society. The presentation was made before several hundred persons at the annual meeting of the League at UNK Hall, College of UNK UNK Buchheister pledged the land would be an UNK sanctuary for all birds, animals and plants. Seventeen years ago today, German scientist Willy Fiedler climbed into a makeshift cockpit installed in a ~V-1 UNK that was attached to the UNK of a UNK UNK The World War /2, German bomber rolled down a UNK and took off. The only way Fiedler could get back to earth alive was to fly the pulse jet missile and land it on the UNK This had never been done before. Now a UNK UNK man, Fiedler is an UNK engineer for UNK UNK and Space Division at UNK where he played a key role in the development of the Navy's Polaris missile. He sat in his office yesterday and recalled that historic flight in 1944. "The first two pilots had UNK he said. "I had developed the machines and therefore knew them. It was time to go up myself". Fiedler was then technical director of Hitler's UNK UNK UNK which remained unknown to the Allies until after the war. About 200 of the special ~V-1 UNK were to be made ready for manned flight with an explosive UNK The target was Allied UNK a desperate effort to UNK off the Allied invasion of Europe. The success of the project depended upon UNK flight. UNK into the few cubic feet normally filled by the UNK automatic guidance mechanism, the scientist waited while the bomber gained UNK At 12,000 feet, Fiedler UNK UNK and started the roaring UNK UNK then UNK away from beneath the UNK To the German pilot in the bomber the rocket became a faint black UNK UNK through the sky at the then incredible speed of 420 UNK It was probably man's first successful flight in a missile. "She flew UNK said UNK "There was only one power UNK a valve to adjust the fuel flow. I had exactly 20 minutes to get down to the test UNK Using a steering system that controlled the modified UNK tail surfaces and wings equipped with UNK Fiedler was to land the missile on a UNK especially bolted under the UNK He managed to maneuver the missile to a landing speed of 200 UNK fast even for a modern jet plane UNK and UNK into the UNK UNK later the ~V-1 skimmed across the landing UNK edging closer and closer to a UNK then in a UNK of dust it UNK Fiedler went on to make several other test flights before German pilots took over the UNK missiles. The missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb. UNK would steer them in a UNK dive into the water, striking below the UNK of individual ships. A crack corps of 50 pilots was formed from the ranks of volunteers, but the project was UNK before the end of the war, and the missiles later fell into Allied hands. Now a family man with three children, Fiedler lives in a quiet residential area near the Lockheed plant at UNK His spare time is spent in soaring UNK "It's so UNK he said, "so slow, UNK and so UNK John UNK UNK has been elected president of the 1961 Columbus Day UNK Committee, it was announced yesterday. Other officers are Angelo J& UNK vice president, Joseph V& UNK treasurer, and Fred J& UNK UNK Judge John B& UNK was named chairman of the executive committee. UNK to the board of directors were: UNK P& UNK UNK UNK Leo M& UNK UNK UNK Joseph UNK UNK J& De UNK Grace UNK John P& UNK John P& UNK Jr&, Stephen UNK John UNK UNK UNK Angelo UNK Frank UNK and George R& UNK Dr& Albert UNK world-famous theologian and medical UNK has endorsed an Easter March for UNK which begins tomorrow in UNK Members of the San Francisco American Friends Service, a Quaker organization, will march to San Francisco for a rally in Union Square at 2 p& m& Saturday. In a letter to the American Friends Service, Dr& Schweitzer wrote: UNK Nations of the West and of the East keep busy making newer nuclear weapons to defend themselves in the event the constantly threatening nuclear war should break out. "They cannot do otherwise than live in dread of each other since these weapons imply the possibility of such UNK surprise attack. The only way out of this state of affairs is agreement to abolish nuclear UNK otherwise no peace is possible. UNK apparently do not feel obligated to make the people adequately aware of this UNK therefore we need guardians to demonstrate against the UNK stupidity of nuclear weapons and UNK the people out of their UNK A federal grand jury called 10 witnesses yesterday in an investigation of the affairs of Ben Stein, UNK who collected big fees as a UNK UNK and operator of a janitors' service. Before he testified for 20 minutes, Stein, who lives at UNK Lake Shore UNK admitted to reporters that he had a wide acquaintance with crime syndicate UNK UNK A UNK Among his UNK UNK he said, were Joseph UNK UNK a mob labor UNK and four gang gambling UNK Gus UNK UNK Ralph Pierce, Joe UNK UNK and Jimmy UNK UNK Another UNK Louis UNK drew UNK from Stein's UNK firm, the National Maintenance company, in three years ending in 1959, Stein disclosed in an interview. "I put UNK on the payroll because he promised to get my firm the UNK account at Navy UNK Stein said. "But UNK never was able to produce it, so I cut him off my UNK UNK IS UNK Other UNK after appearances before the jury, which reportedly is probing into possible income tax UNK disclosed that government UNK were attempting to UNK Stein and his company with a number of UNK including UNK and UNK The federal lawyers, according to their UNK also were tracing Stein's fees as a labor consultant. Under UNK two of the witnesses said, were payments and loans to Stein's National Maintenance company at UNK Madison st&. The company supplies janitors and workmen for McCormick Place and factories, liquor firms, and other businesses. UNK A UNK Among the witnesses were Ed J& Lee, director of McCormick UNK Jerome UNK a partner in the Union UNK company, UNK S& UNK av&, UNK UNK a UNK union UNK who is a UNK of Stein and a cousin of Tony UNK UNK gang UNK and Frank W& UNK operator of a UNK dominated UNK firm, the Best Sanitation and Supply company, UNK Blue Island av&. Lee said he had told the jury that he made an agreement in April with Stein to supply and supervise janitors in McCormick Place. Stein's UNK Lee said, was 10 per cent of the janitors' pay. Stein estimated this amount at UNK $1,500 or UNK a UNK #A UNK UNK UNK as he entered the jury room, said he was prepared to answer questions about the UNK his liquor firm paid to Stein for UNK consultant work" with five unions which organized UNK workers. Leavitt identified the unions as a UNK local, the teamsters union, a UNK union, the janitors' union, and a UNK workers' union. Government UNK Leavitt said, have questioned him closely about UNK or six UNK totaling about UNK which the liquor company made to Stein in the last year. All of the loans, in amounts up to $5,000 each, have been repaid by Stein, according to UNK Stein said he needed the money, Leavitt said, to UNK the UNK at National Maintenance company. The UNK firm run by UNK has offices in the headquarters of UNK UNK taxi UNK union at UNK Blue Island av&. The radiation station of the Chicago board of health recorded a reading of 1 UNK of radiation per cubic meter of air over Chicago yesterday. The reading, which has been watched with interest since Russia's UNK of a super bomb Monday, was 4 on Tuesday and 7 last Saturday, a level far below the danger point, according to the board of health. The weather bureau has estimated that radioactive fallout from the test might arrive here next week. A board of health spokesman said there is no reason to believe that an increase in the level here will occur as a result of the UNK Curtis Allen Huff, 41, of UNK Lake av&, UNK was arrested yesterday on a UNK federal warrant charging him with UNK an UNK amount of money from the First Federal Savings and Loan association, 1 S& UNK st&, where he formerly was employed as an UNK Federal UNK estimated that the amount may total UNK altho a spokesman for the association estimated its loss at approximately UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK attorney, UNK F& UNK quoted his client as saying that part of the UNK represented money paid to Huff, as attorney for the loan association, in satisfaction of UNK UNK on property on which the association held UNK Huff told UNK that he took the money to pay "the ordinary bills and expenses of suburban UNK Huff, who received a salary of UNK a week from the loan association from October of 1955 until September of this year, said that his private practice was not UNK Huff lives with his wife, UNK and their four children, 6 to 10 years old, in a $25,000 home with a UNK UNK UNK UNK 3 UNK The complaint on which the warrant was issued was filed by Leo UNK an attorney for the association. The shortage was discovered after Huff failed to report for work on Sept& UNK On that date, according to UNK Huff left his home and took a room in the New Lawrence hotel at UNK Lawrence av&. There, UNK said, Huff wrote a complete statement of his UNK Later, Huff UNK three checks for $100 each at the Sherman House, using a credit UNK All UNK When Huff attempted to cash another $100 check there Monday, hotel officials called police. UNK UNK 24 (~UPI)_- Greece and West Germany have UNK an agreement under which Germany will pay UNK to Greek victims of Nazi persecution, it was announced today. UNK THE hottest thing that has hit the Dallas investment community in years was the Morton Foods stock issue, which was sold to the public during the past week. For many reasons, the demand to buy shares in the UNK company was UNK It was not a case of the investment bankers having to sell the UNK it was more one of UNK a few shares to a number of customers and explaining to others why they had no more to UNK Investors who wanted 100 shares in many cases ended up with 25, and customers who had put in a bid to buy 400 shares found themselves with 100 and counted themselves lucky to get that many. In fact, very few customers, anywhere in the nation, were able to get more than 100 shares. Some Dallas investment firms got only 100 shares, for all of their customers. A measure of how hot the stock was, can be found in what happened to it on the market as soon as trading began. The stock was sold in the UNK at a price of UNK a share. The first UNK trade Wednesday afternoon at UNK UNK + UNK the managing UNK was at UNK a share. And from that the stock moved right on up until it was trading Thursday morning at around UNK a share. But the Morton Foods issue was hot long before it was on the market. Indeed, from the moment the reports of the coming issue first started circulating in Dallas last January, the inquiries and demand for the stock started building up. Letters by the UNK came in from investment firms all over the nation, all of them wanting to get a part of the shares that would be sold UNK to the public at UNK with another 5,000 reserved for Morton Foods employes at UNK a UNK There was even a cable in French from a bank in Switzerland that had somehow learned about the Dallas stock UNK "We UNK 500 shares of Morton Foods of Texas. Cable UNK it said UNK But UNK could not let the Swiss bank have even 10 shares. After it allotted shares to 41 underwriters and 52 selling group members from coast to coast there were not many shares for anyone. But the result of it all was, UNK partner Dean UNK believes, an effective distribution of the stock to owners all over the nation. "I feel confident the stock will qualify for the UNK UNK he said, meaning its market price would be quoted regularly in newspapers all over the country. He was also pleased with the wide distribution because he thought it proved again his argument that Dallas investment men can do just as good a job as the big New York investment bankers claim only they can do. But what made the Morton Foods stock issue such a hot UNK The answer is that it was a combination of circumstances. First, the general stock market has been boiling upward for the last few months, driving stocks of all kinds up. As a result, it is not easy to find a stock priced as the Morton issue was priced (at roughly 10 times 1960 earnings, to yield a little over 5 per cent on the UNK anticipated UNK Second, the UNK chip UNK has caught the fancy of investors UNK and until Morton Foods came along there were only two potato chip UNK UNK and H& W& UNK on the market. Both of those have had dynamic UNK in price on the market in recent months, both were selling at higher price-earnings and yield bases than Morton was coming to market at, and everyone who knew anything about it expected the Morton stock to have a fast UNK And third, the potato chip industry has taken on the flavor of a UNK industry in the public mind of late. UNK which long had been considered UNK UNK but hardly dynamic stocks, have been acting like growth stocks, going to higher price-earnings UNK The potato chip industry these days is UNK not only as a result of population increase and public acceptance of convenience foods, but also because of a combination of circumstances that has led to growth by merger. The history of the U&S& potato chip industry is that many of today's successful companies got started during the deep depression days. Those that remain are those that were headed by strong UNK men with the abilities to last almost 30 years in the competitive survival of the UNK But today many of those men are reaching retirement age and suddenly realizing that they face an estate tax problem with their closely held companies and also that they have no UNK management in their firms. So they go looking for mergers with other firms that have publicly quoted stock, and almost daily they pound on the doors of firms like UNK All those things combined to make the Morton Foods stock the hot issue that it was and is. Now, if UNK newest product, a corn chip known as UNK turns out to sell as well as its stock did, the stock may turn out to be worth every cent of the prices that the UNK buyers bid it up to. Dallas and North Texas is known world-wide as the manufacturing and distribution center of cotton gin machinery and supplies, valued in the millions of dollars. More than 10 companies maintain facilities in Dallas and one large manufacturer is located to the north at UNK It is no coincidence that the Texas Cotton UNK Association is meeting here this week for the UNK time in their UNK history. The exhibition of cotton ginning machinery at the State Fair grounds is valued at more than a million dollars. It weighs in the UNK so the proximity of factory and exhibition area makes it possible for an outstanding exhibit each year. A modern cotton gin plant costs in the neighborhood of UNK and it's a safe assumption that a large percentage of new UNK in the U&S& and foreign countries contain machinery made in this area. The Murray Co& of Texas, Inc&, originated in Dallas in UNK They've occupied a UNK site since the early UNK More than 700 employes make gin machinery that's sold anywhere cotton is UNK Murray makes a complete line of ginning equipment except for UNK and cleaners, and this machinery is purchased from a UNK firm. The Continental Gin Co& began operations in Dallas in UNK The present company is a combination of several smaller ones that date back to UNK Headquarters is in Birmingham, Ala&. UNK are located here and in UNK Ala&. About 40 per cent of the manufacturing is done at the Dallas plant by more than 200 employes. The company sells a complete line of gin machinery all over the UNK world. UNK Co& of Sherman makes a full line of gin machinery and equipment. The firm recently expanded domestic sales into the UNK states as a result of an agreement with UNK Gin Co&. They export also. The company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies. In 1930, they began making cotton processing equipment. Presently, UNK employs UNK people, depending on the season of the year. The UNK Cotton Gin Co& has had a sales and service office in Dallas since UNK Factory operations are in Columbus, UNK The district office here employs about UNK The UNK Gordin UNK UNK Co& and Gordin Unit System of UNK have joint headquarters here. The cleaner equipment firm began operations in 1953 and the unit system, which turns out a complete ginning system, began operations in 1959. Gordin manufacturing operations are in UNK The John E& Mitchell Co& began work in Dallas in UNK The firm is prominent in making equipment for cleaning seed cotton, UNK and UNK and they lay claim to being the first maker UNK of boil extraction equipment. The increase in mechanical harvesting of cotton makes cleaning and drying equipment a must for modern gin operation. Mitchell employs a total of about 400 people. They export cotton ginning machinery. The UNK Gin Supply Co& is a maker of UNK UNK This includes UNK cleaners, UNK UNK UNK and piping that's located above gin stands in a complete gin. The firm began operations back in 1925 and sells equipment in the central cotton belt, including the Mississippi UNK The UNK Gin Supply Co& has home offices and factory facilities here. They make gin UNK and deal in parts, supplies and some used gin machinery. The UNK Co& makes cleaning and drying equipment for sale largely in Texas. They've been in Dallas since UNK Cotton UNK Gin Service, Inc& of Dallas makes gin UNK and started here 14 years ago. They distribute equipment in 11 states. The firm also handles gin and oil mill supplies such as UNK UNK etc&. Cotton processing equipment is a sizable segment of Dallas business economy. New car sales in Dallas County during March showed slight signs of UNK from the UNK which have characterized sales this year. UNK of new cars in Dallas County cracked the 3,000 mark in March for the first time this year. UNK UNK sales jumped 14 per cent over UNK UNK However, compared with March 1960 new car sales of UNK this March was off 23 per cent. On a UNK comparison, the first quarter of 1961 total of UNK cars was 21 per cent behind the previous year's UNK total of UNK This UNK decline for Dallas County closely follows the national UNK estimated sales of domestic cars in the U&S& for first three months of 1961 were about UNK or 80 per cent of the total in the first quarter a year earlier. With the March UNK dealers are optimistic that the UNK quarter will equal or top last year. The March gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next UNK On the local level, UNK continue to grab a larger share of the market at the expense of UNK standard models and foreign cars. Only three standard UNK UNK UNK and UNK had slight UNK gains in March sales in the UNK The top 3 students from 11 participating Dallas County high schools will be honored by the Dallas Sales UNK Club at a banquet at 6 p&m& Tuesday in the Sam Houston Room of the UNK Hotel as the club winds up its annual UNK Education project. Now in its third year, the program is designed to provide a laboratory for those youngsters seeking careers in marketing and UNK Business firms provide 20 weeks of practical employment to supplement classroom instruction in these fields. More than 500 UNK and UNK are taking part in the program and 100 firms offer jobs on an educational rather than a need basis. Principal address will be delivered by Gerald T& UNK national sales manager for UNK UNK Corp& of New York. The 33 honored students are: Mike UNK Raymond UNK and UNK UNK of Bryan Adams, UNK UNK UNK UNK and Carl David Page of W& H& UNK Bill Burke, UNK Freeman, and Lawrence UNK of N& R& UNK UNK UNK Thompson, Gerald UNK and UNK UNK of UNK Arnold UNK Mary Ann UNK and Lloyd UNK of Thomas UNK William UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK Earl UNK of North UNK Patricia Ann UNK Johnny UNK and David UNK of UNK of UNK David UNK UNK UNK and James Weaver of W& W& UNK William Austin, Gary UNK and Ronnie Davis of South Oak UNK Bill UNK UNK UNK and Ronnie UNK Stone of UNK and Charles UNK Ronnie Moore, and Robert UNK of Woodrow Wilson. The Kennedy UNK new housing and urban renewal proposals, particularly their effect on the Federal Housing Administration, came under fire in Dallas last week. The Administration's proposals, complex and sweeping as they are, all deal with fringe areas of the housing market rather than its core, stated UNK S& UNK first vice-president of the UNK Bankers Association of America. UNK UNK "The present recovery movement will gather steady momentum to lift the economy to a new historic peak by this UNK UNK W& UNK economist of Harris UNK + Savings Bank, Chicago, predicted at the closing session here Tuesday of Investment Bankers UNK California group, conference. Another UNK William H& UNK Jr&, former Under Secretary of the Army and now with the UNK UNK venture capital firm of UNK UNK + Anderson, urged the U&S& to UNK down the UNK of battle to communism and tell Moscow UNK we won't be pushed UNK any more". He urged support for President Kennedy's requests for both defense and foreign aid UNK UNK UNK IN UNK UNK told UNK that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a UNK flash in the UNK but the beginning of a substantial UNK expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern. "In view of the current expansion, which promises to be UNK he said the odds appear to favor rising interest rates in coming months, but "there is reason to believe the change will not be as abrupt as in 1958 nor as severe as in late 1959 and UNK UNK UNK UNK strongly UNK the current UNK thesis that we are facing a future of limited and slow growth, declaring that this pessimism "is based on very limited and questionable UNK Rather than viewing the abortive recovery in UNK as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for UNK he said "it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of substantial improvement in this UNK UNK UNK He cautioned that "the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate UNK The economist does not look for a drastic switch in the budget during this recovery and believes it UNK more unlikely that the Federal Reserve will UNK tighten monetary policy in the early phases of the upturn as was the case in UNK The unsatisfactory UNK expansion, he said, was not due to inadequate growth forces inherent in our economy but rather to the adverse effect of inappropriate economic policies combined with UNK decisions resulting from the steel strike. UNK NEEDED# UNK declared, "As I see it, this country has never faced such great dangers as threaten us today. We must justify our UNK We must be ready for any needed UNK He said that from his experience of two years with Gen& Clay in West Berlin administration, that UNK respects our show of strength, but that presently we're not acting as we should and UNK He called the Cuban tractor plan an outright UNK action, and noted that in war "you can't buy yourself out and that's what we're trying to do". While he declined to suggest, how, he said that sooner or later we must get rid of Castro, "for unless we do we're liable to face similar situations in this UNK Its the start of a direct threat to our own security and I don't believe we can permit that". _NEW YORK (~AP)_- UNK market Tuesday staged a technical recovery, UNK all of Monday's losses in the Associated Press average and making the largest gain in about two UNK UNK saw the move as a continuation of the recovery drive that got under way late Monday afternoon when the list sank to a UNK UNK UNK represented by around UNK in the Dow Jones industrial average. It was a level at which some of the investors standing on the UNK were thought likely to buy the UNK issues represented in the UNK UNK GOOD UNK Although it looked like a routine technical UNK to Wall UNK it was accompanied by some good news. A substantial rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month. Treasury Secretary Douglas Dillon said the economy is expected to advance by a UNK UNK next year, UNK the way for lower taxes. The Dow Jones industrial average advanced UNK to UNK Of UNK issues traded, UNK advanced and UNK UNK New UNK for the year totaled nine and new UNK 14. UNK was comparatively dull throughout the day. Volume UNK to UNK million shares from UNK million Monday. A $25 billion advertising budget in an $800 billion economy was envisioned for the UNK here Tuesday by Peter G& Peterson, head of one of the world's greatest camera firms, in a key address before the American UNK UNK However, Peterson, president of Bell + UNK warned 800 U&S& marketing leaders attending a national conference at the UNK that the future will belong to the UNK of creative and UNK UNK UNK NEEDED# "As we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for UNK and the increase of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be required to reach that goal, management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and UNK Peterson said. "With this kind of new product UNK the premium for brilliant product planning will obviously go up UNK The executive paid tribute to research and development and technology for their great contributions in the past, but he also cautioned industry that they tend to be great UNK because they move at a fairly even pace within an industry and fail to give it the short-term advantage which it often needs. UNK TO UNK Peterson said America has nothing to fear in world competition if it dares to be original in both marketing and product ideas. He cited, as an example, how the American camera industry has been able to meet successfully the competition of Japan despite lower Japanese labor costs, by improving its production UNK and technology. He also used as an example the manufacturer who introduced an UNK camera in Germany, with the result that it became the best selling camera in the German market. Election of Howard L& Taylor to membership in Pacific Coast Stock UNK effective Tuesday, has been announced by Thomas P& UNK president of the exchange. Taylor, president and voting UNK of Taylor and Co&, Beverly UNK has been active in the securities business since UNK Union Oil Co& of California Tuesday offered UNK million in debentures to the public through a group of underwriters headed by UNK Read + Co&, to raise money to retire a similar amount held by Gulf Oil Corp&. UNK UNK could have been converted into UNK shares of Union Oil common upon surrender of debentures plus cash, according to Union. Under the new UNK only $60 million in debentures are convertible into UNK common shares. UNK IN UNK The new offering Tuesday consisted of $60 million worth of UNK UNK due June 1, UNK at UNK and $60 million of UNK convertible subordinated debentures due June 1, UNK at UNK The convertible debentures are convertible into common shares at UNK a share by June 1, UNK UNK by UNK $75 by UNK UNK by UNK UNK by UNK and UNK thereafter. _NEW UNK American Stock Exchange prices enjoyed a fairly solid rise but here also trading UNK Volume was UNK million shares, down from Monday's UNK million. UNK of UNK were posted for UNK and Republic UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK gained 2-1/2 each. UNK I bought 50 shares of Diversified Growth Stock Fund on Oct& 23, 1959, and 50 more shares of the same mutual fund on Feb& 8, 1960. Something has gone wrong some place. I am getting dividends on only 50 shares. In other words, I am getting only half the dividends I UNK UNK UNK to the fund's UNK UNK the First National Bank of Jersey City, UNK That bank handles most of the paper work for Diversified Growth Stock Fund, Fundamental UNK Diversified Investment Fund and UNK Fund. The bank installed a magnetic tape electronic data processing system to handle things. But it seems that this UNK UNK wasn't UNK UNK This resulted in a great number of errors. And letters began to come in to this column from UNK UNK I visited the bank in March and wrote a story about the situation. At that time, the people at the bank said they felt that they had the situation in hand. They indicated that no new errors were being made and that all old errors would be corrected UNK 60 days". That UNK period is over and letters are still coming in from UNK of these four funds, UNK about mistakes in their accounts. Maybe it's taking longer to get things squared away than the bankers expected. Any UNK of any of these funds who finds a mistake in his account certainly should get in touch with the bank. UNK cannot undertake to reply to inquiries. He selects UNK or general interest to UNK _WASHINGTON (~AP)_- Alfred UNK president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said Tuesday "there is no present need for UNK UNK which would basically alter the international financial system. Hayes said that if a way can be found to deal effectively with short-term capital movements between nations, "there is no reason, in my judgment why the international financial system cannot work satisfactorily for at least the foreseeable future". _WASHINGTON (~UPI)_- New York Central Railroad president Alfred E& Perlman said Tuesday his line would face the threat of bankruptcy if the Chesapeake + Ohio and Baltimore + Ohio UNK UNK Perlman said bankruptcy would not be an immediate effect of the merger, but could possibly be an ultimate effect. The railroad president made the statement in an interview as the Interstate Commerce Commission opened Round 2 of its hearing into the UNK request to control and then merge with the UNK "All these kind of things weaken us", Perlman said. UNK UNK Board Chairman Howard Simpson of the Baltimore + Ohio Railroad Co&, testified the UNK was in its worst financial condition since the depression years and badly needed the economic lift it would get from consolidation with the Chesapeake + Ohio UNK "The financial situation of the Baltimore + Ohio, has become UNK much worse than at any time since the depression of the UNK he told the hearing. UNK president Walter J& UNK was summoned back for UNK by New York Central attorneys before examiner John Bradford who is hearing the complex case. The New York Central also has asked the UNK to permit it to gain control of the UNK Central was UNK by the other two railroads in previous attempts to make it a UNK merger. The proposed UNK railroad would make it the UNK second UNK _WASHINGTON (~AP)_- The government's short-term borrowing costs rose with Tuesday weekly offering of Treasury bills. On $1.1 billion of UNK bills, the average yield was UNK The rate a week ago was UNK _WASHINGTON, MARCH 11 UNK UNK uncertain about economic UNK This was the chief reason for a UNK sales outlook given by two-thirds of 56 builders UNK by the National Housing Center. Other reasons mentioned by one-third or more of the builders were UNK to high interest rates, cost advantage of buying over renting has UNK shelter market nearing saturation and prospects unable to UNK UNK EXPECTED# The poll was taken at the UNK annual UNK intentions conference. It disclosed that the UNK UNK their own production volume, and presumably UNK to jump 30 percent in 1961. Look for home building nationally to advance less than 10 percent this year from 1960's UNK UNK housing starts. The industry has said 1960 was a poor year. UNK were down 20 percent from 1959. Why the discrepancy between the UNK forecasts for themselves and for the UNK UNK OF UNK The reason, says the Housing Center, is that the builders invited to the intentions conference "are generally among the more successful UNK and usually do somewhat better than their fellow UNK UNK UNK Farm machinery dealer Bob UNK UNK back in a battered chair and tells of a sharp pickup in UNK "We've sold four corn UNK since Labor Day and have good prospects for 10 more. We sold only four UNK all last year". Gus UNK competitor of Mr& UNK in this farm community, says his business since August 1 is running 50% above a year earlier. UNK then, my sales during much of the year had UNK behind 1960 by UNK he says. Though the sales gains these two dealers are experiencing are above average for their business, farm equipment sales are UNK in most rural areas. UNK the sales rise is due in large measure to Government efforts to UNK farm UNK Although the Administration's program cut crop acreage to the lowest point since UNK farmers, with the help of extra UNK and good weather, are getting such high yields per acre that many are being forced to buy new harvesting machines. UNK of corn and some other crops in many cases are so dense that older equipment cannot handle them UNK The higher price supports provided by the new legislation, together with rising prices for farm products, are pushing up farm income, making it possible for farmers to afford the new machinery. Seven of the eight companies that turn out full lines of farm machinery say sales by their dealers since the start of August have shown gains averaging nearly 10% above last year. "In August our dealers sold UNK more farm machinery than a year earlier and in September retail sales were UNK higher than last year", says Mark V& UNK farm equipment vice president of International Harvester Co&. For the year to date, sales of the company's farm equipment dealers still lag about 5% behind 1960. #TWO OF THREE REPORT UNK Among individual dealers questioned in nearly a score of states, two out of three report their sales since August 1 show sizable gains from a year earlier, with the increases ranging from 5% to UNK Not all sections are showing an UNK UNK the UNK North Central states are the most notable exceptions to the UNK The significance of the pickup in farm machinery sales extends beyond the farm equipment industry. The demand for farm machinery is regarded as a UNK of rural buying generally. Farmers spend more of their income on tractors and UNK than on any other group of products. More than 20 million people live on farms and they own a fourth of the nation's trucks, buy more gasoline than any other industry and provide a major market for home UNK chemicals and other products. Farmers are so eager for new machinery that they're haggling less over prices than they did a year ago, dealers report. UNK aren't as price conscious as last year so we can get more money on a UNK says Jack Martin, who sells J& I& Case tractors and UNK in UNK City, UNK "This morning, we allowed a farmer $600 on the old UNK he traded in on a new UNK model. Last year, we probably would have given him UNK for a comparable UNK Mr& Martin sold 21 tractors in UNK in August of 1960, he sold UNK UNK UNK UNK With dealer stocks of new equipment averaging about 25% below a year ago, the affects of the rural recovery are being felt almost immediately by the country's farm equipment manufacturers. For example, farm equipment shipments of International Harvester in August climbed about 5% above a year earlier, Mr& UNK reports. UNK production at UNK Ltd&, of UNK in July and August rose to UNK units from UNK in the like period a year earlier, says John UNK vice president. With the lower dealer inventories and the UNK demand some manufacturers believe there could be UNK of some UNK UNK D& Hill, Ford Motor Co& vice president, says his company is starting to get calls daily from dealers demanding immediate delivery or wanting earlier shipping dates on orders for corn UNK Except for a few months in late 1960 and early 1961, retail farm equipment sales have trailed UNK levels since the latter part of 1959. The rise in sales last winter was checked when the Government's new feed grain program was UNK the program resulted in a UNK of around 20% in planted acreage and, as a result, reduced the immediate need for machines. Nearly all of the farm equipment manufacturers and dealers say the upturn in sales has resulted chiefly from the recent improvement in crop prospects. UNK farm output for this year is officially forecast at UNK of the UNK average, three points higher than the July 1 estimate and exactly equal to the final figure for 1960. The Government also is aiding farmers' income prospects. Agriculture Department economists estimate the Government this year will hand farmers UNK billion in special UNK and incentive payments, well above the record $1.1 billion of 1958 and about double the UNK million of 1960. Price support loans may total another $1 billion this year. With cash receipts from UNK expected to be slightly above 1960, farmers' gross income is estimated at UNK billion, UNK billion above 1960's record high. Net income may reach UNK billion, up $1 billion from 1960 and the highest since 1953. The Government reported last week that the index of prices received by farmers rose in the month ended at mid-September for the third consecutive month, reaching UNK of the UNK average compared with UNK at UNK UNK UNK any widespread relief from a High Court depletion UNK The Supreme Court decision in UNK was in the case of a company making sewer pipe from clay which it UNK The company, in figuring its taxable earnings, deducted a percentage of the revenue it received for its finished products. Such UNK UNK in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their UNK The High Court held that the company must apply its percentage allowance to the value of the raw materials removed from the ground, not to the revenue from finished products. A measure passed by Congress just before UNK softened the UNK impact, on UNK returns still under review, for UNK companies that make brick and tile products. The measure allows such companies in those years to apply their mineral depletion allowances to 50% of the value of the finished products rather than the lower value of raw clay alone. UNK Kennedy, in signing the relief measure into law, stressed he regarded it as an UNK "My approval of this bill should not be viewed as establishing a precedent for the enactment of similar legislation for other mineral UNK the President UNK #@# UNK UNK come in for closer scrutiny by the UNK The Service announced that taxpayers making such claims may be called on to furnish a statement from the recipient organization showing the date, purpose, amount and other particulars of the UNK Requests for UNK the Service indicated, can be especially expected in cases where it suspects the donor received some material benefit in return, such as tickets to a show. In such instance, UNK UNK the deduction must be reduced by the value of the benefit received. #@# A RULE on the Federal UNK of state taxes is UNK A UNK corporation in Louisiana owed no tax under Federal law, on its gain from the sale of property disposed of in line with a plan of liquidation. Louisiana, however, collected an income tax on the profits from the sale. The corporation, in filing its final Federal income return, claimed the state tax payment as a deductible UNK as permitted under U&S& tax law. The Revenue Service UNK the claim, invoking a law provision that generally bars deductions for expenses incurred in connection with what it said was tax-exempt income. The Tax Court rejected this view. It said the UNK of the gain in this case stemmed not from the exempt status of the income but from a special rule on corporate UNK <The Tax Court decision and a similar earlier finding by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals challenges a UNK UNK ruling on the subject. The Service has not said what its next step will UNK #@# UNK CORPS UNK are assured a tax benefit under the law creating the UNK It provides that the UNK termination payment each UNK is to UNK after serving a two-year UNK without pay, will be spread over both years, not taxed in its entirety at a possibly higher rate in the year UNK THE UNK of a public relations firm owed no income tax on payments he received from a client company and UNK UNK to the company's advertising manager, the Tax Court ruled. The taxpayer testified that in order to retain the account he had to UNK his UNK and pay the excess to the manager. The Court upheld the UNK contention that these UNK were not his income though they passed through his hands. The Court limited its decision to the tax issue involved, UNK "It is not our province to pass judgment on the morality of the UNK #@# A UNK UNK UNK designed for use aboard boats is sold with a special UNK to keep it from moving with the motion of the vessel. The Revenue Service said the addition of the attachment does not keep the range from coming under the Federal UNK excise tax on UNK appliances. #@# UNK THE UNK for one's company may win her UNK retirement UNK A UNK employed by a corporation her husband controls, for example, may be entitled to distributions under the company's pension plan as well as to her own Social Security coverage. She would be taxed on the pensions when received, of course, but the company's contributions would be UNK A frequent pitfall in this sort of arrangement, experts UNK is a tendency to pay the wife more than her job is worth and to set aside an excessive amount for her as retirement income. In that event, they note, the Revenue Service might declare the pension plan is UNK and deny it tax privileges under the law. UNK UNK The company could be denied a deduction for its pension payments, or those payments for the wife and other employes could be ruled taxable to them in the year UNK #@# UNK UNK UNK in four counties containing and bordering Denver authorized the imposition of an additional 2% sales tax within that area. Colorado has a 2% sales tax. Denver itself collects a UNK sales tax which is to be absorbed in the higher area tax **h. The Washington state supreme court ruled that the state's occupation tax applied to UNK made at cost to an oil company, by a UNK UNK set up to purchase certain supplies without UNK the identity of the UNK The state's occupation tax is computed on gross sales. The court held that the tax applied to non-profit sales because the corporations realized economic benefits by doing business as two separate UNK _WASHINGTON_- UNK spending edged down in April after rising for two consecutive months, the Government reported. The Commerce Department said UNK adjusted sales of retail stores dropped to slightly under UNK billion in April, down UNK from the March level of more than UNK billion. April sales also were 5% below those of April last year, when volume reached a record for any month, UNK billion (see chart on Page UNK The seasonal adjustment takes into account such factors as Easter was on April 2 this year, two weeks earlier than in 1960, and UNK buying was pushed into March. Commerce Department officials were inclined to explain the April sales decline as a reaction from a surge of consumer buying in March. Adjusted sales that month were up a relatively steep UNK from those of the month before, which in turn were slightly higher than the January low of UNK billion. Greer Garson world-famous star of stage, screen and television, will be honored for the high standard in UNK sophisticated fashion with which she has created a high standard in her profession. As a Neiman-Marcus award winner the UNK Miss Garson is a UNK of the individual look so important to fashion this season. She will receive the 1961 UNK at the UNK annual Neiman-Marcus UNK Tuesday and Wednesday in the Grand UNK of the UNK Hotel. ## {THE ONLY UNK UNK Miss Garson will receive the award with UNK UNK creator of UNK beautiful women's UNK Harry UNK president of the UNK UNK Corporation and designer of men's UNK Sydney UNK creator of sophisticated UNK for women and Roger UNK designer of Christian UNK shoes Paris, France, whose squared toes and lowered heels have UNK the shoe industry. The silver and UNK plaques will be presented at noon UNK by Stanley UNK president of UNK UNK of the proceeds from the two UNK will be the Dallas Society for UNK Children UNK UNK Treatment Center. The attractive Greer UNK who loves beautiful clothes and selects them as carefully as she does her professional roles, prefers UNK classical designs. Occasionally she UNK the simple and elegant for a fun piece simple because "It's unlike me". ## {IN UNK UNK Miss Garson is Mrs& E& E& UNK and on the go most of the time commuting from Dallas, where they maintain an apartment, to their California home in Los Angeles' suburban UNK to their ranch in UNK New Mexico. Therefore, her wardrobe is largely mobile, to be packed at a moment's notice and to shake out without a UNK Her UNK in fashion are from many designers because she doesn't want a complete wardrobe from any one designer any more than she wants "all of her pictures by one UNK ## {A UNK is Norman UNK however. She likes his classic UNK Her favorite cocktail dress is a UNK a black and white UNK and silk UNK UNK suits rate high because they are designed for her UNK silhouette. She also likes the UNK and charm of designs by UNK Chapman and Helen UNK UNK is her favorite European designer. "I bought my first dress from him when I was still a struggling young UNK she UNK "I like his clothes for their drama and simplicity and appreciate the great impact he has on UNK ## UNK AND UNK is her favorite color combination along with lively glowing UNK UNK blues and UNK Of UNK descent, Greer Garson was born in County UNK UNK Her mother was a Greer and her father's family came from the UNK UNK UNK in England, she studied to be a teacher, earned several scholarships and was graduated with honors from the University of London. She took postgraduate work at the University of UNK in France and then returned to London to work on market research with an advertising firm. ## UNK UNK began with the Birmingham UNK Company and she soon became the toast of the West UNK Among stage performances was a UNK role in UNK UNK directed by Noel UNK It was during "Old UNK at the St& James Theater that Hollywood's Louis B& UNK spotted her. After signing a UNK contract, she came to America and had UNK Mr& UNK as her first assignment after a year's wait. Other UNK include UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK "The UNK UNK and UNK UNK (which won her the Academy Award in UNK ## UNK that have come to Greer Garson are UNK Just this April she was nominated for the seventh time for an Academy Award for her portrayal of Eleanor Roosevelt in UNK at UNK She gave a fine portrayal of UNK UNK on Broadway in 1958 and has appeared in live television from "Captain UNK UNK to UNK She is in UNK UNK UNK in London, a princess of the UNK tribe and an UNK colonel in many states. She is adept at UNK UNK UNK fishing, UNK and Oriental dancing and UNK UNK She now serves on the board of directors of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra and the Dallas Theater Center and on the board of trustees of the Dallas Museum of Fine UNK She is state chairman for the New Mexico UNK and Cancer UNK Both Miss Garson and her UNK husband are active supporters of Boys UNK of America and patrons of the vivid art and opera colony that UNK in New Mexico. Back in college, today's handsome UNK was the only male member of a Texas Tech class on food. The pretty UNK must have UNK him all day long- but he UNK kept his eye on the UNK Last October he gave a public speech in Washington, D&C& entitled "Are Women Here to UNK So you can see that Gerald G& Ramsey, director of UNK food services, is not the ordinary type of UNK UNK UNK He is apt to rear back and claim his rights. ## UNK as UNK food UNK buys enough UNK to serve UNK meals a week. UNK that to the little wife when she UNK at the woman's UNK He also dishes up 3,000 UNK And he operates three UNK in the Student Center, along with UNK UNK Hall and the UNK tables. Ramsey, 6-3, UNK and UNK UNK says, "I can't remember when I didn't UNK my mother to teach me to UNK ## UNK WAS IN UNK of the UNK School meals from 1946 to 1950, before he moved to ~SMU. And you'll notice that in both places, there are acres of charming young ladies who with little effort spice up any UNK line. What does he feed his ~SMU football UNK at the training UNK UNK meat and UNK they have to have that UNK without getting too UNK says UNK So he UNK the UNK And to keep UNK UNK from getting UNK under physical UNK he UNK all highly UNK UNK ## UNK UNK the pretty ~SMU girls like on their UNK UNK much UNK UNK UNK and, at night, maybe UNK says the handsome food expert. UNK there is still little demand for UNK and UNK Ramsey has UNK up Harry Truman, Henry UNK Lodge, the King of UNK UNK UNK and other shiny characters. Once four UNK monks, in their UNK UNK filed through the cafeteria line. "They aren't supposed to look at women, you know", Ramsey UNK "What with all those pretty girls around, they had a hard time". UNK UNK Use one UNK chicken breast for each UNK Salt and pepper each UNK UNK in melted butter and roll in flour. Place side by side in a UNK deep UNK UNK UNK slowly about one hour at UNK F& until lightly brown. Add enough warmed cream, seasoned to taste with onion UNK to about half cover the chicken breasts. UNK slowly at least one-half hour longer. While this is UNK UNK UNK fresh or UNK in UNK UNK over top of chicken breasts. Serve each breast on a thin slice of UNK ham and sprinkle with Thompson UNK UNK UNK off the ham and you call it UNK UNK says UNK UNK furniture that is neither Danish nor UNK modern but has sculptured pattern, many design UNK warmth, dignity and an effect of utter comfort and UNK That is the goal of two new collections being introduced in Dallas this month. Though there has been some UNK UNK indication that contemporary furniture might go back to the UNK look of the UNK and UNK two manufacturers chose to take the approach of the sophisticated, but warm look in contemporary. These two, Heritage and UNK chose too not to produce the exactly matching design for every piece, but a collection of correlated designs, each of which could stand alone. The Heritage collection, to be shown by UNK and Anderson's UNK has perhaps more different types of woods and decorations than any one manufacturer ever assembled together at one time. Called UNK to indicate its UNK good today and tomorrow quality, the collection truly avoids the monotony of identical pieces. UNK UNK UNK UNK three varieties of UNK UNK UNK UNK ceramic UNK marble are used to emphasize the feeling of texture and of UNK the furniture to fit into rooms with tiled floors, brick or UNK walls, windows that bring in the outdoors. It is a collection with a UNK look, offering simplicity with warmth, variety and vitality. The Drexel collection, called UNK to be shown by UNK offers a realistic approach to UNK a mature modern that is a variation of many designs. UNK posts give a soft, sculptured look, UNK doors have decorative UNK panels or cane UNK plus softening UNK table tops are UNK in UNK UNK or UNK A UNK buffet provides UNK UNK a cocktail table has small snack tables tucked under each end, UNK arched panels UNK a UNK long chest. An interesting approach to the bedroom is presented, with a young, UNK functional group of chests, UNK and corner units and a UNK UNK The other bedroom has heavier UNK UNK UNK with UNK panels, a UNK bed or a bed with arched UNK panels and matching mirror. UNK bright UNK UNK fabrics, with the UNK pink and white tones UNK as well as golden shades are used with UNK The fabrics have UNK finish to resist soil and UNK UNK elements closely rooted to traditional forms but wearing a definite contemporary label keynote UNK fall 1961 group, UNK The UNK UNK table has a base finished in an UNK to set off the UNK brown of the UNK top. UNK design of the chairs combines both the nostalgic ladder back and an Oriental UNK flavor. To bring warmth to the dining area, golden orange tones are used in the fabrics. UNK and comfort, in a contemporary manner, reflecting the best aspects of today's design, with substance and maturity, keynote the UNK collection from UNK Center panel, UNK wood, actually is a back of one of the tall UNK UNK UNK fabrics and the UNK of copper and UNK ceramic UNK UNK the mood as does the Alexander Smith carpet in all wool loop UNK The UNK are "on the UNK again. Members are on their way to UNK not by stage UNK but in UNK cars. This coming weekend they have reserved the entire UNK UNK and adjoining country club, UNK for UNK UNK have been extended to some Austin UNK including Gov& and Mrs& Price UNK UNK Days is the theme for the weekend on the Old UNK UNK ## {THE UNK Friday night will be a banquet at the country club UNK and pool, and an orchestra will play for dancing. Guests will wear costumes typical of the UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK will be popular dress for the women. The men will be in western UNK including UNK and colored UNK ## UNK the ballroom will be the yellow rose of Texas, in tall UNK UNK and UNK UNK There will be a large drawing of a UNK girl with eyes that flash at the guests. Mr& and Mrs& Phil G& UNK are chairmen for the UNK trip. Committee members aiding them in planning the entertainment are UNK and ~Mmes Roy UNK George UNK Jack UNK W& H& UNK and Joe UNK ## {THE UNK UNK is comprised of 75 UNK couples who have as their UNK "Go UNK UNK UNK Their activities will be UNK in the spring of 1962 when they go to Europe. In the past, the men and women have chartered planes to UNK UNK and UNK buses to UNK Wells and UNK and private railway coaches to UNK and UNK Four parties are given a year. Two of these are in or near Dallas and the others away from the UNK UNK on the club's board are ~Mmes R& P& Anderson, president; A& F& UNK secretary; W& H& UNK treasurer, and the following UNK ~Mmes UNK UNK Lawrence B& Jones, UNK and Sam UNK UNK A UNK with UNK filling and chocolate UNK won $25,000 for a Minneapolis housewife in the 13th annual UNK UNK Tuesday. Mrs& Alice H& UNK wife of an engineer and mother of a UNK son, was awarded the top prize at a luncheon in the Beverly Hilton Hotel. Mrs& UNK entered 10 past UNK before she got into the UNK Second grand prize of $5,000 went to Mrs& Clara L& Oliver for her Hawaiian coffee ring, a rich yeast bread with coconut filling and UNK glaze. UNK OF UNK Mrs& Oliver is mother of five children and wife of a UNK She lives in UNK Mo&. Mrs& UNK baked her cookies for only the third time in the UNK UNK And the third time was the charm. She dreamed up the UNK recipe, tried it, liked it and entered it in the contest. The second UNK was for UNK when told she was a UNK The third time was on the floor of the Beverly Hilton ballroom and for the critical eyes and UNK of judges. Mr& and Mrs& Joseph R& UNK will give a dinner on Friday at their home in Beverly Hills to honor Mrs& Norman UNK chairman of the Music Center Building Fund Committee, and Mr& Chandler. Mr& UNK heads a group within the building and development industry to raise funds in support of this cultural center for the performing arts. A feature of the party will be a presentation by UNK UNK center UNK of color slides and UNK of the UNK complex. UNK WILL UNK AT UNK UNK UNK Fall foliage and flowers will UNK Los Angeles Country Club for the annual formal party Saturday evening. More than 200 are expected at the autumn event which is matched in the spring. Among those with reservations are Messrs& and UNK William A& Thompson, Van UNK UNK A& B& UNK David UNK Samuel Perry and Robert D& UNK Others are Drs& and UNK Alfred UNK and J& UNK Ludwig and Gen& and Mrs& UNK UNK UNK FROM UNK U&S& UNK UNK UNK When Dr& W& A& UNK celebrated his UNK birthday at the UNK Country Club, guests came by chartered plane from all over the country. A flight originating in Florida picked up guests on the East Coast and Midwest and a plane left from UNK taking on passengers at West Coast points. UNK and a buffet supper were served to more than 100 persons who had known Dr& UNK when he practiced in Los Angeles. He started practice in UNK and served on the State Board of Medical UNK UNK up the violin opened a whole new career for UNK UNK a tiny Hungarian who UNK UNK had predicted would have a promising career on the concert stage. A heart attack when she was barely 20 put an end to the UNK daily UNK She put the violin away and took out some UNK UNK and yarn to while away the long, idle days in UNK Now her modern UNK have been exhibited on two continents and, at 26, she feels she is on the threshold of a whole new life in Los Angeles. Her days as an art student at the University of Budapest came to a sudden end during the Hungarian UNK in 1957 and she and her husband Stephen fled to Vienna. There they continued their studies at the university, she in art, he in UNK And there she had her first showing of tapestry work. There's a lot of talk about the problem of education in America today. What most people don't seem to realize, if they aren't tied up with the thing as I UNK is that 90% of the problem is transportation. I never dreamed of the UNK difficulties involved until, at long last, both of my boys got squeezed into high school. It seems like only last year that we watched them set out up the hill hand in hand on a UNK day in their yellow UNK to UNK at the grammar school. Getting to and from school was no problem. They either walked or were driven. #@# Now they go to a high school that is two miles away. One might think the problem would be similar. They could UNK ride on a bus or be driven. It's much more complex than that. Generally, they go to school with a girl named UNK who lives down the block, and has a car. This is a way of getting to school, but, I understand, it entails a certain loss of social status. A young man doesn't like to be driven up in front of a school in a car driven by a girl who isn't even in a higher class than he is, and is also a girl. "Why don't you walk to school UNK I suggested. "My father walked, through two miles of snow, in UNK "Did you"? I was asked. "No", I said, "I didn't happen to grow up in UNK I explained, however, that I had my share of hardship in making my daily pilgrimage to the feet of wisdom. #@# I had to ride a streetcar two miles. Sometimes the streetcar was late. Sometimes there weren't even any UNK I had to stand up, with the ladies. Sometimes I got on the wrong car and didn't get to school at all, but wound up at the ocean, or some other dismal place, and had to spend the day there. I've tried to compromise by letting them take the little car now and then. When they do that my wife has to drive me to work in the big car. She has to have at least one car herself. I feel a certain loss of status when I am driven up in front of work in a car driven by my wife, who is only a woman. Even that isn't satisfactory. If they have to take any car, they'd rather take the big one. They say that when they take a car, UNK doesn't take her car, but rides with them. But when UNK rides with them they also have to take the two girls who usually ride with her, so the little car isn't big enough. #@# The logic of that is UNK of course, except that I feel like a fool being driven up to work in a little car, by my wife, when everybody knows I have a big car and am capable of driving myself. The solution, naturally, is the UNK However, it's a half-mile walk down a steep hill from our house to the bus, and it's too hard on my UNK My wife could drive us down the hill and we could all walk from there. But that's hardly realistic. Nobody walks any more but UNK and Harry Truman, and he's already got an education. Advance publicity on the Los Angeles Blue Book does not mention names dropped as did the notices for the New York Social Register which made news last week. Published annually by William UNK UNK the 1962 edition, UNK Society Register of Southern California, is scheduled to arrive with Monday UNK UNK UNK Richardson has UNK the Blue Book "but it still remains the compact reference book used by so many for those ever-changing telephone numbers, UNK other UNK club affiliations and UNK UNK FOR UNK UNK throughout the volume denote dates of marriages during the past year. Last two to be added before the book went to press were the marriages of Meredith Jane UNK daughter of the Grant B& UNK to Robert UNK UNK and of Mary Alice UNK to Willard UNK UNK Others are UNK Ruth UNK to Dan UNK Chandler UNK UNK UNK daughter of the UNK UNK to James UNK UNK and UNK Smith to James UNK UNK Also noted are the marriages of Elizabeth UNK daughter of the George L& UNK to Austin C& Smith UNK UNK UNK daughter of the UNK UNK Jr&, to UNK UNK son of the David UNK UNK UNK UNK as newly UNK in the UNK section of the new book are Mr& and Mrs& Samuel UNK UNK /3,. She is the former Judy UNK daughter of John S& Chapman of this city. The young couple live in UNK Another marriage of note is that of Jane UNK and William Louis UNK Changes in address are noted. For instance, the Edwin UNK Jr&, formerly of UNK UNK are now at home on North UNK Dr& in Beverly UNK Mr& and Mrs& Robert UNK now live on UNK and the Franklin UNK on S& UNK Blvd&. The Richard UNK formerly of Connecticut, have returned to Southern California and are now residing on South UNK Blvd&. But the UNK UNK have exchanged their residence in Southern California for Mexico City. #MORE NEW UNK Judge and Mrs& Julian UNK are now at UNK Beach, while the Frank UNK have moved from Beverly Hills to New York, where he is general manager of the UNK Hotel. And Lawrence UNK son of the UNK UNK is listed at his new address in Oxford, UNK Others listed at new addresses are the Richard T& UNK the Joseph UNK Jr&, the Henri de la UNK the John UNK and Dr& and Mrs& UNK UNK the John UNK the Allen UNK the Howard UNK the Thomas UNK and Anthony UNK UNK of social note from other parts of the country are the Ray UNK formerly of UNK the UNK UNK formerly of Scotland, and Mr& and Mrs& Werner H& UNK formerly of Switzerland. UNK an idea for a child's room that is easy to execute and is completely UNK using puppets for lamp bases. Most children love the animated puppet faces and their flexible bodies, and they prefer to see them as though the puppets were in action, rather than put away in UNK UNK as UNK the puppets delight the children and are decorative UNK To create such a UNK order a wired UNK from any lamp shop. Measure the puppet to determine the height of the light UNK allowing three to four inches above the UNK head. Make sure that the metal tube through which the wire passes is in the shape of an UNK UNK the foot of the UNK about three inches long, so that the puppet can hang directly under the light. UNK UNK Using the strings that manipulate the UNK UNK him from the light UNK by tying the strings to the lamp base. In this way, you can arrange his legs and arms in any desired position, with feet, or one foot, barely resting on the UNK If the puppets are of uniform size, you can change them in accord with your child's UNK Although a straight drum shade would be adequate and sufficiently neutral that the puppets could be changed without UNK it is far more fun to create shades in the gay spirit of a child's UNK Those illustrated are reminiscent of a circus top or a UNK The UNK edge is particularly UNK UNK trend toward furniture designs from America's past is teaching UNK and UNK a renewed respect for the shrewd UNK of our Colonial era. A generation ago there were plenty of people who appreciated UNK and fine UNK In the background UNK the feeling, however, that these pieces, beautiful as they were, lacked the utilitarian touch. So UNK bedroom was usually UNK out with heavy, nondescript pieces that supposedly could take the UNK UNK while the fine secretary was relegated to the parlor where it was for show only. This isn't true of the many UNK of the UNK according to decorator UNK UNK UNK UNK are finding literally hundreds of ways of getting the maximum use out of traditional designs, says Mr& UNK and they are doing it largely because Colonial UNK had "an innate sense of the UNK UNK UNK There are a number of reasons why the UNK Century designer had to develop UNK to UNK UNK or go out of business. UNK UNK UNK room has a real UNK in its new UNK the versatile UNK /4, UNK UNK This is the strongest act to hit the area in a long UNK a well UNK fast moving outfit specializing in UNK UNK comedy and UNK all of it distinctly displaying the pro touch. UNK UNK the UNK George UNK Bill UNK Frank UNK and Gene Wilson, UNK by Dave UNK and Ron UNK The plus two remain at a fixed position with drums and guitar but the UNK covers the stage with a batch of instruments ranging from UNK to UNK and the beat is UNK UNK the comedy division, the UNK simply UNK talent and imagination with a few UNK Net result is some UNK UNK part of which can be UNK as pure UNK UNK /4, have rated as a popular act in UNK and Western UNK If they can't UNK up BIG business here then let's stop this noise about how hip we are, and stick to our community singing, @ UNK UNK UNK and his trio have booked into UNK Lounge **h the UNK Latin UNK open Tuesday at the Four UNK Club **h UNK Phillips for a return engagement at UNK UNK UNK UNK same date, Johnny UNK trio to the UNK Roger **h Dick Carroll and his UNK (which we now refer to as UNK held over at UNK UNK where UNK UNK Smith brings in his UNK UNK Oct& 13. UNK UNK picked up some new numbers out in Texas which he's UNK on the UNK in the UNK House at UNK UNK Mile UNK UNK UNK back in town from a summer in the UNK UNK area where he ran into UNK Warren, Kay Martin, the UNK and UNK UNK all pulling good UNK he says. @ UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK an UNK from Colorado, is currently pursuing the three UNK rhythm, UNK and UNK in a return class session at the Trade UNK Hotel. Al has added some UNK to the act which makes for a smoother operation but it's substantially the same format heard last spring. UNK are UNK UNK on piano, UNK UNK bass and UNK and Jack UNK on UNK It's a solid show but, except for some interim UNK by UNK it's UNK all the UNK UNK biggest stock in trade is his personality, and ability to establish a warm rapport with his audience. He UNK around from jazz, to blues to UNK accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act. This is a UNK show which may get a little too frantic at times, but is nevertheless worth your UNK #NEW UNK UNK UNK opens formally this afternoon under its new ownership. George UNK is the UNK Terry Barnes has been named manager. UNK retains the same UNK although crystal UNK have been installed above the terrace dining area, and the kitchen has undergone a UNK job. UNK UNK under the guidance of UNK Tom UNK will specialize in UNK UNK chicken and prime beef as well as Tom's favorite UNK stuffed UNK UNK features Hal UNK pianist, for both dinner hour and the late trade. The UNK trio is the club's new show group which also plays for dancing. @ #HERE AND THERE# UNK UNK in town for a day. UNK restaurant activities up in UNK Ohio, may preclude his return here until after Oct& 20, date set for UNK the UNK Restaurant on UNK Restaurant on UNK **h UNK Franklin UNK the gift shop market in UNK UNK UNK UNK another shop, her UNK in the Governor's Club Hotel this UNK **h Sunday New Orleans UNK continue at the Trade UNK but the daily French UNK have been called off **h UNK UNK new UNK UNK at UNK set to open some time this month, according to Hank Johnson **h Student Prince Lounge on Atlantic UNK UNK a UNK UNK throughout October, with special features **h UNK UNK of UNK Restaurant planning a reunion with the Miami UNK UNK pianist, Julian UNK Two were in the same band 18 years ago; UNK who played drums, hasn't seen his UNK UNK **h UNK House has such a run on beer to wash down that Mexican food UNK UNK had to call the draft man twice in one day. UNK is UNK if you've ever sampled the UNK peppery UNK @ UNK IN UNK UNK and UNK UNK Dave UNK George UNK UNK Al UNK Jim UNK Bob Neil at the UNK trap **h Billy and Jean UNK at the UNK **h UNK UNK Jimmy UNK Jim UNK Ralph UNK Bill and Evelyn Perry at the UNK @ UNK UNK UNK UNK Patricia Murphy flies up to St& John's UNK next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island UNK Miss Murphy was born in UNK UNK Her invitation from Premier Joseph Smallwood is reported to be the only one extended to a woman. UNK UNK The first in a series of five productions will be held in War Memorial Auditorium Thursday, Oct& UNK "Le Theatre UNK Du UNK of Monte UNK will present a program of four UNK including UNK UNK UNK UNK include a company of 46 dancers and a symphony UNK {The series of UNK is sponsored by the UNK Ballet Foundation, Inc&, a non-profit foundation with headquarters in Coral UNK Also set for appearances at the auditorium this season are: "American Ballet UNK on Jan& 27, UNK Ballet UNK on Feb& 2; UNK UNK pianist, on Feb& UNK and UNK of UNK on March 8. UNK A Southeast Library Workshop will be held here Oct& 9, conducted by Mrs& UNK UNK of UNK UNK author, lecturer and library leader. The workshop will begin at 10 a&m& and end at 3 p&m& in the auditorium of the Library and Fine Arts UNK There is no registration fee but there will be a charge of UNK for the luncheon to be held in the library and fine arts building. Anyone interested in attending the meeting may have reservations with Mrs& John UNK at the Hollywood Public UNK At the workshop, Mrs& UNK will discuss "the board and the staff, UNK relationships, personnel policies, how good is our librarian and staff, how good am I as a library board member and how good is our UNK Other UNK will be in UNK Oct& UNK UNK Oct& UNK UNK Oct& UNK UNK City Oct& 11. UNK UNK A series of high school assemblies to acquaint junior and senior students with the Junior Achievement program begins at St& Thomas UNK Monday. UNK assemblies will be held at UNK High School Tuesday, at UNK Beach High Wednesday, and at Fort UNK high Thursday. The business education program operates with the cooperation of local high schools and business firms. Is there anything a frustrated individual can do about UNK growing threat on our UNK and around the world? More than 300 teenagers last Sunday proved there is and as many more are expected to prove it again for Jim Kern and his wife Lynn from 4 to 8 p&m& Sunday at First Presbyterian Church. At that time the second half of the Christian Youth Crusade against Communism will be UNK {A young real estate UNK Kern first got seriously interested in the problems posed by Communism when in the Navy Air Force. He was particularly struck by a course on Communist UNK Kern began reading a lot about the history and philosophy of Communism, but never felt there was anything he, as an individual, could do about it. When he attended the Christian UNK Crusade school here about six months ago, Jim became convinced that an individual can do something constructive in the ideological battle and set out to do it. The best approach, he UNK was to try to influence young people like the high UNK he and his wife serve as advisors at First Presbyterian Church. UNK he wanted to be careful that the kids not only learn about Communist but also about what he feels is the only UNK a UNK strong UNK So the Christian Youth Crusade against UNK developed and more than 300 top teenagers and 65 adult advisers from Presbyterian churches of the area sat UNK at the four-hour program. This Sunday those attending the second session will hear a lecture by Kern on the world UNK a review of the philosophy of Communist leaders by Ted UNK another real estate agent who became interested as a philosophy major at the University of UNK and talks on how their Christian faith can guide them in learning about and fighting Communism during high school and college days, by Ted UNK director of Greater Miami Youth for Christ, and UNK UNK director of UNK Crusade for Christ. {The second half of the film UNK on the UNK and the movie UNK UNK also will be UNK UNK to the program has been so UNK Kern said, that a UNK youth school at UNK County Auditorium may be set up soon. And to encourage other churches to try their own programs, Kern said this Sunday's UNK including the free UNK will be open to anyone who makes UNK The need for and the way to achieve a Christian home will be stressed in special services marking National Christian Family Week in Miami area churches next week. Of particular meaning to the Charles UNK family, UNK ~SW UNK UNK will be the Family UNK Service planned for UNK a&m& Sunday UNK First Christian Church}. It will be the second time the assistant manager of a Coral UNK restaurant and his wife have taken part in the UNK ceremonies for families with new UNK The first one, two years ago, changed the routine of their home life. UNK you stand up in public and take vows to strive to set an example before your children and to teach them the fundamentals of the Christian faith, you strive a little harder to uphold those UNK explains the slender vice president of the young couples Sunday school UNK Until that first dedication service, he and UNK felt their children were too young to take part in any religious life at home. They have five UNK Coral Lee, 5, UNK UNK 4, UNK 3, UNK 2, and UNK five months. But after that service, they decided to try to let the girls say grace at the table, have UNK UNK and Bible stories. To their surprise, the children all were eager and quite able to take part. Even the UNK feels UNK if the family has a UNK without her. #@# UNK UNK probation officer, Jack UNK will lead a discussion on "The Changes in the American UNK at 7:30 p&m& Sunday at UNK Lutheran Church}. #@# UNK AND UNK George UNK will be honored at a Family Week supper and program at 6 p&m& Sunday at UNK Methodist Church}. He is the UNK of the church. A family worship service will follow the program at UNK p&m&. #@# {THE UNK family of UNK UNK UNK will be picked by ballot from among eight families during the UNK a&m& Sunday service marking National Family UNK #@# UNK family of UNK Presbyterian UNK has been asked to read the Bible and pray together daily during National Christian Family Week and to undertake one project in which all members of the family UNK UNK start the week of special programs at the church, the Rev& John D& UNK will preach on "A UNK UNK at UNK and 11 a&m& Sunday. New officers of the church will be ordained and installed at the 7:30 p& m& UNK A father and son dinner sponsored by the UNK Club will be held at UNK p&m& Monday and the annual church picnic at 4 p&m& next Saturday. The week will end with the Rev& Mr& UNK preaching on "The UNK UNK at 7:30 p&m& Sunday, May 14. The resignation of the Rev& Warren I& UNK headmaster of St& UNK Episcopal Day School in UNK UNK becomes effective July UNK UNK UNK conductor and musical director of the San Francisco UNK will fulfill two more guest conducting engagements in Europe before returning home to open the UNK Golden Anniversary season, it was announced. The guest assignments are scheduled for November 14 and 18, with the Orchestra UNK UNK in UNK and the Orchestra of Radio UNK The season in San Francisco will open with a special UNK Concert on November 22. During his UNK visit abroad, UNK recently conducted the UNK UNK de UNK in France, and the Santa UNK Orchestra in Rome. In announcing UNK return, the orchestra also announced that the sale of single tickets for the UNK anniversary season will start at the Sherman Clay box office on Wednesday. Guest performers and UNK during the coming season will include many UNK artists who began their careers playing with the orchestra, including UNK UNK UNK Isaac UNK UNK UNK and David UNK UNK Leon UNK Ruth UNK and Stephen Bishop and conductor Earl Bernard UNK The UNK Kirov Ballet, which opened a series of performances Friday night at the Opera House, is, I think, the finest UNK ballet company I have ever seen, and the production of the UNK UNK UNK with which it began the series is incomparably the finest I have ever had the pleasure of UNK This work is no favorite of mine. I am prepared to demonstrate at an UNK that it represents the spirit of Imperial Russia in its most UNK UNK and reactionary UNK that its persistent use by ballet companies of the Soviet regime indicates that that old spirit is just as UNK alive today as it ever UNK that its presentation in this country is part of a capitalist plot to UNK the American people; that its choreography is UNK and its score a shapeless assemblage of UNK All of this is true and all of it is totally meaningless in the face of the UNK utterly UNK presentation. UNK The reasons for this UNK are numerous, but most of them end in UNK UNK or UNK In other words, no merely male creature can resist that corps de ballet. It seems to have been chosen exclusively from the winners of beauty UNK Miss UNK Miss UNK Miss UNK **h UNK skip it. These qualities alone, however, would not account for their success, and it took me a while to discover the crowning virtue that completes this company's collective UNK It is a kind of friendliness and frankness of address toward the audience which we have been led to believe was peculiar to the American ballet. UNK that convention of Russian ballet whereby the girls convey the idea that they are all the daughters of impoverished Grand UNK driven to UNK out of UNK piety, is totally absent from the UNK This is all the more remarkable because the Kirov is to ballet what Senator UNK is to American politics. But, obviously, at least some things have changed for the better in Russia so far as the ballet is concerned. UNK UNK the Princess UNK of UNK performance, would be a change for the better anywhere, at any time, no matter who had had the role before. She is the most beautiful thing you ever laid eyes on, and her dancing has a feminine UNK UNK UNK and refinement which are simply UNK UNK UNK UNK who seems to have made a special hit in the East, was delightful as the lady UNK and her UNK Yuri UNK was wonderfully UNK UNK and poetic all at the same time, in a tradition not unlike that of UNK UNK UNK a fine UNK UNK UNK UNK a great character UNK and Inna UNK an excellent UNK UNK were other outstanding members of the UNK but every member of the cast was UNK The production, designed by UNK UNK was completely traditional but traditional in the right way. It was done with great taste, was big and spacious, UNK as the dreams of any peasant in its UNK costumes, but UNK in a UNK UNK style, with rich, quiet harmonies of color between the costumes themselves and between the costumes and the scenery. UNK UNK conducted an exceptionally large orchestra, one containing excellent UNK the violin UNK by the UNK Guy UNK were especially UNK but one in which the core of traveling players and the body of men added locally had not had time to achieve much unity. Mail orders are now being received for the series of concerts to be given this season under the auspices of the San Francisco Chamber Music Society. The season will open at the new Hall of UNK in Golden Gate Park on November 20 at 8:30 p& m& with a concert by the Mills Chamber UNK UNK members may sign up at $25 for the UNK UNK annual members may attend for UNK UNK members may attend five of the concerts for UNK (not all ten concerts as was UNK announced earlier in The UNK Mail orders for the season and orders for single tickets at UNK may be addressed to the society, UNK UNK street, San Francisco 9. San Francisco UNK UNK themselves last week with their annual voluntary task of fixing up toys for distribution to needy children. Fire UNK Local UNK which is UNK the UNK program for the UNK straight year, issued a call for San UNK to turn in discarded UNK which will be repaired by UNK UNK UNK will not be collected at UNK this year. They will be accepted at all branches of the Bay UNK Federal Savings and Loan Association, at a collection center in the center of the UNK UNK and at the Junior UNK UNK street and Roosevelt way. From the collection centers, toys will be taken to a warehouse at UNK Second street, where they will be repaired and made ready for distribution. Any needy family living in San Francisco can obtain toys by writing to Christmas UNK UNK Howard street, San Francisco 5, and listing the UNK name and address and the age and sex of each child in the family between the ages of 1 and 12. Requests must be mailed in by December 5. UNK UNK UNK UNK took his instrument to the East Room of the White House yesterday and UNK the staff with a two-hour UNK He was getting the feel of the room for a concert tomorrow night for Puerto Rico Governor UNK UNK UNK President Kennedy's invitation to the UNK master said, "We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our UNK FOR A GOOD MANY UNK I've been looking at the UNK stuff on television, so the other night I thought I ought to see how UNK is doing on the other side of the fence in movies. After all, this year's movies are next year's television shows. So I went to see "La Dolce UNK UNK has been billed as a towering monument to UNK All the sins of ancient Rome are said to be collected into this UNK film. If that's all the Romans did, it's a surprise to me that Rome UNK After television, "La Dolce UNK seems as harmless as a Gray Line tour of North Beach at night. I cannot imagine a single scene that isn't done in a far UNK manner on ~TV every week. I believe ~TV UNK will be UNK UNK Dolce UNK has none of the senseless brutality or UNK of the average ~TV UNK Week in, week out, there is more sex to be seen in "The UNK of UNK and UNK There is more UNK on UNK UNK UNK There are more obvious UNK on any UNK UNK #@# {IN UNK UNK television viewers will feel right at home because most of the actors are UNK With the exception of UNK Barker and UNK UNK the credits are as unfamiliar as you'll find on the Robert UNK UNK Most of the emphasis has been placed on a UNK UNK at a UNK UNK UNK UNK should have looked at some of the old silent films where they really had UNK The Dolce UNK UNK boasted a strip tease UNK as far as a black UNK a lady drunk on her hands and knees who carries the hero around on her back while he throws UNK feathers in her UNK a UNK beauty, and three silly UNK Put them all together and they spell out the only UNK word I can think of: dull. UNK UNK caught the crowd when its parties had begun to UNK What a swinging group they must have been when they first started UNK #@# UNK A UNK UNK it is a UNK But this doesn't UNK from its merit as an interesting, if not great, film. The UNK UNK UNK summed it up UNK "This is a long picture and a controversial one, but basically it is a moral, enthralling and UNK description of humans who have become UNK from life as perhaps Rome has from her traditional political, cultural and religious UNK <And when they sell it to television in a couple of years, it can be shown without UNK #@# UNK Atlantic UNK editor Edward UNK moderates a round table of four Russian writers in a discussion of Soviet literature. Among the subjects discussed will be Russian restrictions on poets and writers in the UNK (Channel 9 at UNK **h UNK to UNK UNK the home lives of Johnny Mercer and Joan UNK both in Southern California (Channel 5 at UNK **h UNK UNK Music Festival features a live concert by the UNK de UNK (Channel 9 at UNK ~NBC plans a new series of three long programs exploring America's scientific plans titled UNK to start in the fall **h. UNK in UNK San Francisco's venerable television program, will be seen in Hong Kong this fall in four UNK UNK UNK UNK and English, according to a tip from Dr& Robert C& UNK <And you UNK YOU <have language UNK THE WEEK UNK along UNK enough. I bought a new little foreign bomb. It is a British bomb. Very UNK yet UNK It is very chic to drive foreign cars. With a foreign car you must wear a UNK it has a leather band in the back. You must also wear a car coat. The wardrobe for a foreign bomb is a little UNK But we couldn't really get along without it. #@# UNK DO YOU put the lighter fluid, UNK UNK asked the gas station man. The present crop of small cars is UNK American humor. Gas station people are very UNK about small cars. When I drove a car with tail UNK I had plenty status at the UNK UNK My car UNK 20 gallons without even wiping its mouth. This excellent foreign bomb takes only six. When I had my big job with the double UNK and yards of UNK the gas people were happy to see me. UNK UNK UNK the oil and water, UNK They polished the UNK They had a loving touch. #@# THE MAN UNK the nozzle in the gas UNK "What kind of car is it"? he asked UNK "It is a British Austin, the smallest they UNK "Get much UNK UNK UNK The gas station man sighed UNK "What I always say is what if somebody UNK you in a little car like that? UNK that's all she UNK "I will die UNK "That will be UNK said the gas station man. "The UNK looks pretty UNK #@# UNK THE UNK friends of UNK When I wheeled about, UNK fore and UNK I was the darling of the UNK UNK bills UNK off my hands and they UNK their caps UNK With a small UNK I UNK it between UNK (The last UNK that saw me do that should calm himself. High blood pressure can get the best of any of UNK AT UNK the White House is going to get some UNK furniture by that master American UNK Duncan UNK whose designs were UNK in his lifetime when the U& S& Presidents of the 19th Century sent abroad for their UNK The American Institute of UNK has acquired a rare complete set of UNK and chairs which are to be placed in the Executive UNK library. The suite has been in the same family since the early UNK The gift is being presented by UNK and descendants of the UNK family of New Jersey, whose famous UNK UNK was located near the Duncan Phyfe workshop at UNK N& J&. UNK pieces of Duncan Phyfe furniture are UNK although millions of American homes today display pieces patterned after the style trends he set 150 years ago. This acquisition is a UNK perfect UNK consisting of two UNK six feet long, plus six UNK and two UNK THE ~AID HAS undertaken the UNK of the White House library as a project in connection with the work being done by First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy's Fine Arts Advisory Committee to secure UNK for the presidential home. It is the UNK intention to create in the library "a miniature museum of UNK before completed UNK is unveiled early this fall. The room will also feature another UNK many UNK would consider more important than the Duncan Phyfe furniture. The ~AID has found a UNK attributed to Samuel UNK of Salem, Mass&, an architect and UNK who UNK for the designing of the Capitol here in 1792. The UNK was found in a recently demolished Salem house and is being fitted over the White House library fireplace. It will be painted to match the UNK in the room. The ~AID UNK chairman in charge of the UNK Mrs& Henry Francis UNK was in town yesterday to consult with White House staff members on the project. Mrs& UNK committee associates, announced formally yesterday by the ~AID in New York, include Mrs& Allen UNK UNK and Stephen J& UNK both UNK Manhattan UNK Regional representatives appointed to serve from each section of the country include Frank E& Barnes of Boston. UNK UNK couldn't stay away from his desk for the UNK young people's concert played on the White House lawn yesterday by the UNK UNK Symphony Orchestra from UNK N& C&. But he left the doors to his office open so he could hear the music. At 4 p& m& the President left the White House to welcome the young musicians, students from the ages of 12 to 18 who spend six weeks at the Brevard Music Center summer camp, and to greet the UNK UNK UNK and blind children from the District area who were special guests at the concert. It was the first in the series of UNK for Young People by Young UNK to be sponsored by First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy at the White House. She was not present yesterday, however, to enjoy the music or watch the faces of the delighted audience. She is vacationing at the Kennedy summer home in UNK UNK Mass&, and in his welcoming remarks, the President said he was representing her. As he approached the open UNK erected facing the South entrance to the Executive UNK the band struck up the UNK UNK UNK and followed it with UNK to the UNK "I think they played UNK to the Chief better than the Marine Corps Band, and we are grateful to them", President Kennedy remarked after mounting the UNK and shaking hands with conductor James Christian UNK UNK UNK tribute to the conductor and his white-clad youthful students, President Kennedy said, "As an American I have the greatest possible pride in the work that is being done in dozens of schools stretching across the United UNK schools where devoted teachers are studying with interested young men and women and opening up the whole wide horizon of serious UNK He added "**h I think that sometimes in this country we are not aware as we should be of the extraordinary work that is being done in this UNK UNK his knowledge of music, the New UNK President remarked that UNK the best chamber music in the world is played in Vermont, by young UNK and here in this school where they have produced extraordinary musicians and teachers, and their work is being UNK all across the United States. "This is a great national cultural UNK and therefore it is a great source of satisfaction to me, representing as I do today my wife, to welcome all of you here today at the White UNK As he left the UNK to return to his office, the slender, UNK Chief Executive paused along the way to shake hands with the members of the audience in wheel chairs forming the first row under the field tent set up for the guests. He expressed surprise to learn that UNK UNK Patricia UNK 16, of Mount UNK had attended the Joseph P& Kennedy School for the Handicapped in Boston. "The UNK there do a wonderful UNK the President UNK Patricia now attends the C& Melvin Sharpe Health School in the UNK Each of the children invited to the concert wore a name UNK marked with a red, white and blue UNK They enjoyed UNK and cookies served before and during the concert by teenage sons and daughters of members of the White House staff. MANY of the UNK members of the President's staff gathered around the tent listening and watching the UNK attention given by the young seated audience. And it turned out to be more of a family affair than expected. Henry Hall Wilson, a student at the music camp 25 years ago and now on the President's staff as liaison representative with the House of UNK turned guest conductor for a UNK UNK the UNK and UNK UNK UNK Symphony UNK UNK said yesterday that Mrs& Kennedy's Social Secretary, UNK UNK told about plans for White House youth concerts before the National Symphony Orchestra League in Philadelphia last spring. He said he contacted a friend, Henry Hall Wilson, on the President's staff and asked whether his orchestra could play, in the series. A flow of correspondence between UNK and Miss UNK resulted in an invitation to the UNK North Carolina group to play the first concert. ONE OF THE MOST interested UNK on the tour which the Brevard group took at the National Gallery yesterday following their concert at the White House, was UNK UNK social secretary to First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy. "I was an art major in UNK Miss UNK explained. "I've been here so many times I couldn't count them". She turned out to be a fan, too, of Margaret UNK the Gallery's associate UNK of education. Miss UNK headed up one of the four groups that went on simultaneous tours after the Gallery had closed at 5 p& m&. The Brevard group of 85 arrived at the Gallery at 6 p& m&, remaining for about 45 minutes. The Brevard visitors had very little to say at the beginning of the tour but warmed up later. They decided that they thought UNK UNK made him look UNK they noticed Roman buildings in the background of UNK UNK UNK and UNK in a UNK painting of UNK UNK Everybody had heard of Van UNK the French UNK Gallery Director John Walker greeted the group, standing on one of the benches in the UNK UNK to speak to them. He pointed out to the young musicians that the National Gallery "is the only museum in the country to have a full-time music director **h Richard UNK **h I'm sure you've heard UNK him **h and his record, UNK UNK Along with the gallery aide who explained the various paintings and sculptures to each group, went one of the Gallery's UNK UNK In 45 minutes, the Gallery leaders had given the students a quick rundown on art from the Renaissance to the late 19th UNK A few of them said they UNK contemporary art". Among the other artists, whose paintings were discussed were UNK UNK UNK UNK The thing that impressed one of the visitors the most was the Gallery's UNK fountain **h "because it's on the second UNK That UNK somewhat UNK and seemingly remote UNK building with the UNK perched on its threshold at UNK UNK st& UNK took on UNK life yesterday. More than 250 Scottish Rite UNK and guests gathered in their House of the Temple to pay tribute to their most prominent leader, Albert Pike, who headed the Scottish Rite from UNK to UNK They came together in the huge, UNK Council Chamber to hear the late leader UNK C& UNK Barnes of Denver, head of the Scottish Rite in Colorado, praised Pike as a historian, author, poet, journalist, lawyer, UNK soldier and musician, who devoted most of his mature years to the strengthening of the Masonic UNK The ceremony ended with the laying of a wreath at the UNK of Pike in the House of the UNK A reception and tea followed. About UNK delegates are expected to register today for the UNK session of the Ancient and UNK Scottish Rite for the Southern UNK of the United States. The opening session of the UNK session will begin at 10 UNK m& today. There will be a pilgrimage to Mount Vernon at 2:30 p& m&. A wreath will be placed at the tomb of George Washington, one of this Nation's first UNK a past master of UNK Lodge 22 in UNK THE UNK of John and Mary Black had clearly reached the breaking point after eight years. John had a job in a small firm where the work was dull and UNK He would come home in the evening tired and UNK in no frame of mind to play with their three children, or spend much time UNK with his wife. UNK by his lack of interest and attention, Mary complained often that he didn't help around the house, and that he didn't really care about the family. She accused him of ignoring her. He in turn told her she demanded too much. They were both UNK disgusted and UNK Mary decided she had had enough. Without any definite plan in mind, she went to a judge to see what could be done. The judge listened quietly as the young woman poured out her UNK then discussing with her the possibility of seeking aid from Family Service before going to a lawyer. Family Service, sharing in UNK has five agencies in the Washington area. They offer to the people of this community case work service and counseling on a wide variety of family problems. Because neither of them really wanted their marriage to break up, Mr& and Mrs& Black agreed to a series of interviews at Family Service of Northern Virginia, the agency nearest them. For nearly a year, they have been receiving counseling, separately and together, in an effort to understand and overcome the UNK which had given rise to the possibility of UNK The interviews have led each of them to a new appreciation of the problems confronting the other. They are now working together toward solving their difficulties. JOHN received a promotion in his firm. He gives credit for the promotion to his new outlook on life. Mary is UNK and gay when her husband comes home in the UNK and the children's UNK is frequently UNK by a session of happy, family UNK To UNK the UNK seem to be an ordinary, happy family, and they are- but with a difference. They know the value of being just that- an ordinary, happy family. Family Service has helped hundreds of families in this area. Perhaps to some their work does not seem particularly UNK But to the families it UNK their help cannot be UNK Family Service could not open its doors to a single family without the financial support of the United UNK Fund. UNK heavy traffic along the Skyline Drive failed to UNK yesterday, park UNK said, and those who made the trip got a leisurely view of the fall colors through skies swept clear of UNK #FOR UNK UNK One of the initial questions put to President Kennedy at his first news conference last January was about his attitude toward a meeting with Premier UNK Mr& Kennedy replied: @ "I'm hopeful that from @ more traditional exchanges we can perhaps find greater common UNK The President knew that a confrontation with Mr& Khrushchev sooner or later probably was inevitable and even desirable. But he was convinced that the realities of UNK military, economic and UNK were the decisive factors in the struggle with the Communists and that these could not be talked away at a heads of government meeting. He wanted to buy time to strengthen the U& S& and its allies and to define and begin to implement his foreign policy. Last Friday the White House UNK President Kennedy will meet with Soviet Premier Nikita S& Khrushchev in Vienna June 3 and 4. The announcement came after a period of sharp deterioration in East-West relations. The heightened tension, in fact, had been a major factor in the President's change of view about the urgency of a meeting with the Soviet leader. He was not going to Vienna to UNK the simultaneous announcements in Washington and Moscow last week stressed that no formal negotiations were planned. But Mr& Kennedy had become convinced that a personal confrontation with Mr& Khrushchev might be the only way to prevent UNK That objective set the high stakes and drama of the Vienna meeting. Despite efforts by Washington last week to play down the significance of the meeting, it clearly was going to be one of the crucial encounters of the cold war. @ UNK TO UNK The U& S& and Soviet heads of Government have met three times since Sir Winston Churchill in 1953 introduced a new word into international diplomacy with his call for a fresh approach to the problem of peace "at the summit of the UNK The first time was in 1955 when a UNK Big Four summit meeting produced the UNK of UNK The spirit served chiefly to UNK the West while Moscow made inroads into the Middle East. In 1959 President Eisenhower and Premier Khrushchev held an informal session in the U& S&. That meeting produced the UNK of Camp UNK a spirit, it later turned out, that masked a basic misunderstanding about progress toward a Berlin settlement. On the third UNK another Big Four summit session at Paris a year UNK there was no problem of an UNK UNK Premier Khrushchev wrecked the conference at its initial session with a bitter denunciation of the U& S& for the UNK incident. The episode tended to confirm the U& S& belief that propaganda, the hope of UNK concessions, and the chance to split the UNK rather than genuine negotiation, were the Soviet leader's real aims in UNK UNK UNK Thus when Premier Khrushchev intimated even before UNK that he hoped for an early meeting with the new President, Mr& Kennedy was confronted with a delicate problem. Shortly before his nomination he had set forth his basic view about the problem of negotiations with the Soviet leader in these words: "As long as Mr& Khrushchev is convinced that the balance of world power is shifting his way, no amount of either smiles or toughness, neither Camp David talks nor kitchen UNK can compel him to enter fruitful UNK The President had set for himself the task, which he believed UNK of awakening the U& S& and its allies to the hard and complex effort necessary to shift that balance. He did not want the effort weakened by any illusion that summit magic might make it UNK He wanted time, too, to review the United States' global commitments and to test both the policies he had inherited and new ones he was UNK Above all, he did not want to appear to be running hat in hand to Premier Khrushchev's UNK UNK UNK At the same time the President took pains not to rule out an eventual meeting with the Soviet leader. Ideally, he knew, it should be preceded by concrete progress at lower levels. But Mr& Kennedy saw value even in an informal meeting, provided that undue hopes were not raised in connection with it. It would give him an opportunity to take the measure of his chief adversary in the cold war, to try to probe Mr& Khrushchev's intentions and to make clear his own views. Moreover, an eventual meeting was desirable if for no other reason than to satisfy world opinion that the U& S& was not UNK and was UNK no effort to ease international UNK Both UNK the caution about a meeting, the willingness eventually to hold one- were reflected in a letter from the President which Ambassador UNK E& Thompson brought back to Russia late in UNK The letter, dated Feb& 22, was delivered to Premier Khrushchev in UNK UNK on March 9. It dealt mainly with a broad range of East-West issues. But it also briefly suggested the possibility of a meeting with Mr& Khrushchev before the end of the year if the international climate were favorable and schedules permitted. Developments over the next two months, however, caused the President to reconsider the question of the UNK There were intense discussions in the inner councils of the White House about the advisability of an early meeting, not because the international climate was UNK but precisely because it was UNK UNK UNK ON UNK The President was especially concerned about the deadlock in the nuclear test ban negotiations at UNK The deadlock has been caused by the UNK new demand for a three-man UNK West and UNK UNK and thus a UNK over the control machinery. In the U& S&, strong pressures have been building up for a resumption of tests on grounds that the Russians may be secretly testing. Mr& Kennedy was less troubled by that possibility than by the belief that a Geneva UNK or even continued UNK would mean an UNK spread of nuclear weapons to other countries as well as a fatal blow to any hope for UNK There was reason to believe that Premier Khrushchev was also concerned about a possible spread of nuclear weapons, particularly to Communist China. The question arose as to whether a frank discussion of that danger with the Soviet leader had not become urgent. Moreover, Moscow appeared determined to apply the UNK veto principle to the executive organs of all international bodies, including the U& N& Secretariat and the International Control Commission for Laos. Mr& Kennedy was convinced that insistence on the demand would make international UNK or even UNK impossible. Developments in Cuba and Laos also suggested the advisability of an early summit meeting. UNK the White House reaction was that the bitter exchanges with Moscow over Cuba and the conflict in Laos had UNK prospects for a meeting. At the same time, there was increased reason for a quick meeting lest the Soviet leader, as a result of those UNK come to a UNK erroneous conclusion about the West's ability and determination to resist Communist pressure. In Cuba, the U& S& had UNK badly and created the impression of UNK against Communist penetration even on its own UNK In Laos, the picture was almost equally bad. U& S& willingness to accept a neutral Laos may have led Premier Khrushchev to believe that other areas could be UNK on Soviet terms. Beyond that, Allied disagreement about military intervention in UNK despite warnings that they might do so- allowed Moscow to carry out with UNK a series of military and diplomatic moves that greatly strengthened the pro-Communist forces. As a result, the West is in a poor bargaining position at the current Geneva negotiations on Laos, and South Vietnam and other nations in Southeast Asia are under increased pressure. In the light of those events, there appeared to be a real danger that Premier Khrushchev might UNK himself. Ambassador Thompson reported from Moscow that the Soviet leader's mood was UNK and UNK He has indicated that he plans new moves on Berlin before the year is out. The President and his advisers felt that the time might have come to warn Premier Khrushchev against a grave UNK in areas such as Berlin, UNK or Latin America from which there would be no turning back. It was in the midst of such White House deliberations that Premier Khrushchev on May 4 made new inquiries through the U& S& Embassy in Moscow about a meeting with the President in the near future. Mr& Kennedy told Moscow he would give his answer by May 20 after consultation with the UNK The response from London, Paris and Bonn was favorable. UNK arrangements for the meeting in Vienna were worked out in a final exchange between Moscow and Washington last week. Apparently at the insistence of the U& S&, the simultaneous announcements issued in Washington and Moscow last Friday emphasized the UNK nature of the meeting. The Washington announcement said: @ "The President and Chairman Khrushchev understand that this meeting is not for the purpose of negotiating or reaching agreement on the major international problems that involve the interest of many other countries. The meeting will, however, afford a timely and convenient opportunity for the first personal contact between them and a general exchange of views on the major issues which affect the relationships between the two UNK @ #THE UNK The Vienna meeting will bring together a UNK UNK veteran of the cold war who, in Mr& Kennedy's own words, is UNK tough, vigorous, well-informed and UNK and a 44-year-old President (his birthday is May UNK with a demonstrated capacity for political battle but little experience in international diplomacy. The announcement last week of the forthcoming encounter produced strong reactions in the U& S& of both approval and disapproval. The approval did not arise from an expectation of UNK agreements at Vienna. The inclination was to accept the statement that there would be no formal negotiations. But those who were in favor of the meeting felt that a frank exchange between the two men and an opportunity to size one another up would prove UNK Mr& Khrushchev is known to rely heavily on his instincts about his UNK and to be a shrewd judge of men. The feeling was that he would sense an inner core of UNK and determination in the President and that plain talk by Mr& Kennedy would give him pause. Apart from the personal UNK another reason advanced in favor of the meeting was that too often in the past the U&S& appeared to have been dragged UNK to the UNK Premier Khrushchev has made propaganda capital out of that fact and in the end got his summit meeting anyway. This time the initiative came, in part at least, from Washington. #OTHER UNK UNK There was also the fact that by the time he meets Mr& Khrushchev, the President will have completed conversations with all the other principal Allied leaders. Thus he will be in a position to UNK the Soviet leader of any notions he may have about grave Allied UNK Finally, there was a wide area of agreement on the value of the President's making a final effort in the summit spotlight for a nuclear test UNK There is no single issue that has aroused stronger feelings throughout the world. If tests are to be UNK the argument went, it is vital that the U& S& make plain that the UNK belongs to the Soviet Union. UNK of the meeting was based largely on the belief that the timing could hardly be worse. After Cuba and Laos, it was argued, Mr& Khrushchev will interpret the President's consent to the meeting as further evidence of Western UNK perhaps even UNK and is certain to try to exploit the advantage he now believes he UNK Moreover, the President is meeting the Soviet leader at a time when the Administration has still not decided on the scope of America's firm foreign policy commitments. The question was UNK for example, as to what attitude the President would take if Mr& Khrushchev proposes a broad neutral belt extending from Southeast Asia to the Middle East. THERE UNK so my UNK friends tell me, mechanisms of adaptation and defense that are just too complete and too satisfactory. UNK are a case in point. The UNK which served the strain so well at a relatively early stage in the evolutionary scheme, tended to cancel out the possibility of future development. Though this may or may not be good biology, it does aptly illustrate the strength and the weakness of American Catholic higher education. There can be no doubt that the American Catholic accomplishment in the field of higher education is most UNK our European brethren never cease to marvel at the number and the size of our colleges and universities. The deeper wonder is how this miracle was accomplished in decades, rather than in centuries and by immigrant minorities at that. By way of explanation we ourselves are prone to imagine that this achievement stems from the same American Catholic zeal and generosity which brought the parochial school system into existence. There is, however, one curious discrepancy in this broad and UNK picture. UNK the American Catholic educational achievement in UNK we may indeed see it as a unified whole extending from grade school to university. But the simple truth is that higher education has never really been an official American Catholic UNK certainly not in the same sense that the establishment of a parochial school system has been a matter of official policy. Official encouragement is one thing, but the down-to-earth test is the allocation of diocesan and parochial funds. American Catholics have responded generously to UNK and UNK appeals for the support necessary to create parochial schools but they have not contributed in a similar fashion to the establishment of institutions of higher learning. They have not done so for the simple reason that such appeals have hardly ever been made. UNK authorities generally have not regarded this as their direct responsibility. All of this may be understandable UNK it is, however, in fact difficult to see how diocesan authorities could have acted otherwise. Yet for better or for worse, the truth of the matter is that most American Catholic colleges do <not> owe their existence to general Catholic support but rather to the initiative, UNK and sacrifices of individual religious communities. Community <esprit de corps> has been the protective shell which has made the achievement possible. To understand the past history- and the future UNK of American Catholic higher education, it is necessary to appreciate the special character of the <esprit UNK corps> of the religious community. It is something more than the UNK sum of individual totals of UNK and UNK A religious community with a vital sense of mission achieves a degree of group orientation and group identification seldom found elsewhere. The fact that the group orientation and group identification are founded on supernatural principles and nourished by the UNK of devotion simply give them a deeper and more satisfying UNK The net result is a uniquely satisfying sense of UNK the kind of UNK which sparks enthusiasm and UNK the cutting edge of sacrifice and UNK American Catholic colleges and universities are, in a very real sense, the product of "private UNK the "private UNK of religious communities. Had it not been for such private enterprise, diocesan authorities might of course have been UNK into establishing institutions subsidized by diocesan funds and parish collections and staffed by religious as paid employees. There is however no point in speculating about such a UNK the fact of the matter is that our institutions of higher learning owe their existence to a spirit not unlike that which produces the "family business". This UNK spirit is the real explanation of the marvel of our achievement. ## IT IS this spirit which explains some of the UNK of American Catholic higher education, in particular the wasteful duplication apparent in some areas. I think for example of three women's colleges with UNK small UNK clustered within a few miles of a major Catholic university, which is also UNK This is not an isolated UNK this aspect of the total picture has been commented upon often enough. It would seem to represent <esprit de corps> run UNK UNK however, from the question of wasteful UNK there is another aspect of the "family business" spirit in American Catholic higher education which deserves closer scrutiny. For while the past needs of the Church in this country may have been adequately met by collegiate institutions, which in temper and tone closely resembled junior colleges and finishing schools, it would seem that today's need is for the college which more closely resembles the university in its UNK of UNK At the earlier UNK UNK stage of Catholic education, the operation could be conducted on an UNK community basis. But with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training, the need for UNK become more UNK ## THE UNK is not merely that more UNK UNK are needed but that a different brand is called for. UNK on the earlier stage, the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University UNK (in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in administrative UNK noted that the term UNK (as opposed to, e&g&, UNK UNK was a not UNK description. Today however, the UNK is likely to have professional qualifications of the highest order UNK the college would not be interested in hiring him) and to be UNK to the democratic processes of the secular or state university. And while no one expects total democracy on the academic scene, the scholar will be particularly sensitive to a line between first and second class UNK drawn on any basis other than that of academic rank or professional achievement. In the above mentioned report of the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University UNK the basic outlook of the new breed of lay faculty emerges very clearly in the very statement of the problem as the members see it: "Even with the best of intentions he (the President of the UNK is loath to delegate such authority and responsibility to a group the membership of which, considered (as it must be by him) in individual terms, is UNK mortal and of extremely varying UNK interests and capabilities. It is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are, in their opinion, identified with its highest good and (to use that UNK UNK 'the attainment of UNK The pattern here pictured is clearly not peculiar to Notre UNK it is simply that the paradox involved in this kind of control of the institution by "the organization which actually UNK it, becomes more obvious where there is a larger and more distinguished UNK faculty. It is particularly interesting that those who framed the report should refer to "the organization which actually owns the UNK this seems to show an awareness of the fact that there is more to the problem than the ordinary issue of UNK tension. But in any case, one does not have to read very closely between the lines to realize that the situation is not regarded as a particularly happy one. UNK faculty members want to be considered partners in the academic enterprise and not merely paid employees of a family business. There are two reasons why failure to come to grips with this demand could be fatal to the future of the Catholic university. In the first place there is the obvious problem of recruiting high caliber personnel. Word spreads rapidly in the tightly knit academic profession, much given to attending meetings and conferences. UNK of even UNK dissatisfaction by a Catholic college faculty member has the effect of UNK the already existing UNK In the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a UNK all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to UNK two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the Catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere. To appreciate the nature of the UNK it should be realized that while college teaching is almost a public symbol of security, that security does not come as quickly or as automatically as it does in an elementary school system or in the Civil Service. Much has been made of the fact that major Catholic institutions now guarantee firm tenure. This is a significant advance but its import should not be exaggerated. When a man UNK a block of his years at a university without gaining the UNK promotion, not only is he faced with the problem of starting over but there is also a certain depreciation in the market value of his services. A man does not make that kind of UNK if he suspects that one or more of the limited number of tenure positions is being reserved for members of the UNK ## UNK AS IT is possible to exaggerate the drawing power of the new tenure practices, it is also possible to exaggerate the significance of the now relatively adequate salaries paid by major Catholic institutions. UNK compensation is UNK Yet adequate UNK and particularly UNK adequate compensation is no substitute for those UNK which cause a man to sacrifice part of his earning potential by taking up college teaching in the first place. UNK speaking the total Catholic atmosphere is such an intangible but the larger demand is for a sense of creative participation and mature responsibility in the total work of the university. Religious who derive their own sense of purpose through identification with the religious community rather than the academic community are prone to UNK both the UNK reservoir of UNK and his need for this identification. There is no need here to spell out the conditions of creative teaching except to point out that, at the college level, the sense of community and of community responsibility is even more necessary than it is at other levels. The college teacher needs the stimulus of communication with other faculty members but he also needs to feel that such communication, even informal debates over the luncheon table, are a contribution to the total good of the institution. But this in turn means that decisions are not merely imposed from the top but that there be some actual mechanism of faculty participation. The second reason for being concerned with the UNK between faculty members who are part of the UNK that owns and operates the institution and those who are merely paid employees, is, therefore, the UNK effect on the caliber of the teaching itself. This is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure. Yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control, there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order. The first is a negative UNK there is no point in the creation of faculty committees and advisory boards with UNK titles but no real authority. In the case of academic personnel the UNK of participation can hardly be UNK UNK teachers are well UNK in the technique of leading students to UNK conclusions without destroying the UNK illusion that they are making their own decisions. Those who have served as faculty advisers are too familiar with the useful but artificial mechanisms of student government to be taken in by UNK and UNK decision making. In any case it is by no means clear that formally structured organs of participation are what is called for at all. In the Notre Dame report, reference was made to the fact that faculty members were reduced to UNK UNK In itself there is nothing wrong with this form of UNK the only difficulty on the Catholic campus is that those faculty members who are in a position to implement policy, i&e&, members of the religious community which owns and UNK the institution, have their own eating arrangements. UNK JOHN L& UNK of Arkansas and Rep& David Martin of UNK are again beating the drums to place the unions under the anti-monopoly laws. Once more the UNK equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws, there must be a corresponding restriction against labor UNK the law must treat everybody UNK Or, in the words of UNK France, "The law in its majestic equality must UNK the rich, as well as the poor, from begging in the streets and sleeping under UNK The public atmosphere that has been generated which makes acceptance of this law a possibility stems from the UNK into which the labor movement has fallen as a result of Mr& UNK hearings into corruption in labor-management relations and, later, into the jurisdictional squabbles that plagued industrial relations at the missile sites. The Senator was shocked by UNK over allegedly trivial disputes that delayed our missile program. In addition, UNK that missile workers were earning sums far in excess of what is paid for equivalent work elsewhere provoked his indignation on behalf of the American taxpayer who was footing the bill. It is now disclosed that the taxpayer not only pays for high wages, but he pays the UNK strike expenses when the latter undertakes to fight a strike. UNK UNK UNK 9, UNK reports that the United Aircraft Company, against which the International Association of UNK had undertaken a UNK decided to keep its plants UNK The company incurred some $10 million of expenses attributable to four UNK advertising to attract new employees, hiring and training them, extra UNK and defective work performed by the new workers. The company has billed the United States Government for UNK of these expenses under the Defense Department regulation allowing costs of a type generally recognized as ordinary and necessary for the conduct of the UNK business. Rep& Frank Kowalski of Connecticut has brought this problem to the attention of the Armed Services Committee. The committee remains UNK Neither has Congressman Martin nor Senator McClellan been heard from on the UNK they are preoccupied with ending labor abuses by extending the anti-monopoly laws to the unions. ## THE UNK publicity attending the successful federal prosecution of a conspiracy indictment against a number of electrical manufacturers has evoked a new respect for the anti-trust laws that is justified neither by their rationale nor by the results they have obtained. The anti-trust laws inform a business that it must UNK but along completely undefined UNK it must play a game in which there never is a UNK The fact is that any business that wants to operate successfully cannot follow the law. UNK thus becomes the answer to a foolish public policy. Let us look at the UNK industry in which General UNK Westinghouse and a number of other manufacturers were recently convicted of engaging in a conspiracy to UNK prices and UNK the market. The industry is so structured that UNK by a UNK company will vary with the way overhead charges are UNK whether marginal or average pricing is applied. The problem becomes even more complex where an enterprise is engaged in the manufacture of a wide variety of other goods in addition to the heavy electrical equipment. UNK procedures can be varied to provide a rationale for almost any price. Naturally, enterprises of the size of General Electric are in a position to structure their prices in such a way that the relatively small competitors can be forced to the wall in a very short time. Should these giants really UNK their competitive muscles, they would become the only survivors in the industry. Uncle Sam would then accuse them of creating a monopoly by UNK UNK But if they show UNK they don't get the orders. Under the circumstances, the only protection for the relatively small manufacturers is to engage in exactly the kind of conspiracy with the giants for which the latter were UNK UNK in such a conspiracy was an act of mercy by the giants. The paradox implicit in the whole affair is shown by the demand of the government, after the conviction, that General Electric sign a UNK consent decree that <it would not reduce prices so low as to compete seriously with its UNK In other words, the anti-trust laws, designed to reduce prices to the consumer on Monday, Wednesday and Friday, become a tool to protect the marginal manufacturer on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. And which theory would govern the UNK of the law on UNK ## THE UNK might be asked: "Don't the UNK of the UNK manufacturers know these UNK Why did they engage in a flood of UNK UNK throw a few UNK to the dogs and promise to be good boys thereafter, expressing their complete confidence in the UNK The past usefulness of the anti-trust laws to management was explained by UNK UNK in <The Folklore of UNK back in 1937. He wrote: UNK UNK **h the anti-trust laws were the answer of a society which unconsciously felt the need of great organizations, and at the same time had to deny them a place in the moral and logical ideology of the social structure. (P& UNK **h anti-trust laws became the greatest protection to uncontrolled business dictatorship. (P& UNK **h when corporate abuses were UNK it was done on the theory that criminal penalties would be invoked rather than control. **h In this manner, every scheme for direct control broke to pieces on the great protective rock of the anti-trust laws. UNK UNK **h in any event, it is obvious that the anti-trust laws did not prevent the formation of some of the greatest financial UNK the world has ever known, held together by some of the most fantastic ideas, all based on the fundamental notion that a corporation is an individual who can trade and exchange goods without control by the government". This escape from control has led to UNK evaluating the risk of occasional irrational prosecution as worth while. A plea of UNK UNK followed by a nominal fine, after all is a small price to pay for this untrammeled UNK (The penalties handed out in the electrical case, which included jail sentences, were unprecedented in anti-trust UNK perhaps because the UNK had displayed unusual UNK in their pricing UNK If a substitute mechanism is needed for the control of a UNK impersonal market, quite obviously some method must be devised for representing the public interest. A secret conspiracy of manufacturers is hardly such a UNK However, one can argue that no such control is necessary as long as one UNK that the anti-trust laws are effective and UNK Quite clearly the anti-trust laws are neither effective nor UNK and yet the argument goes that they should be extended to the labor union. THOSE UNK favor placing trade unions under anti-trust laws imply that they are advocating a brand new reform. Before 1933, individuals who opposed trade unions and collective bargaining said so in plain English. The acceptance of collective bargaining as a national policy in UNK implicit in the writing of Section UNK of the National Industrial UNK Act, has made it UNK to oppose collective bargaining in principle. The Wagner Act, the Taft-Hartley Act and the UNK Act all endorse the principle of collective UNK The basic purpose of an effective UNK system is the removal of wages from competition. If a union cannot perform this function, then collective bargaining is being UNK off by organizers as a gigantic UNK The tortured reasoning that unions use to deny their ambition to exercise monopoly power over the supply and price of labor is one of the things that create a legal profession. The problem must be faced UNK If laborers are merely commodities competing against each other in a market place like so many bags of wheat and corn UNK by the way, by any agricultural UNK then they may be UNK for reacting with complete antagonism to a system that imposes such status upon them. Human labor was exactly that- a UNK in UNK and nineteenth-century America. As early as UNK Adam Smith wrote in <The UNK of UNK "We have no acts of Parliament against combining to lower the price of work; but many against combining to raise it". UNK England, upon whose customs our common law was built, had outlawed unions as UNK and UNK In UNK the Boston house UNK strike for a UNK day was denounced by the organized UNK who declared: "It is **h considered that all combinations by any classes of citizens intended to **h effect the value of labor **h tend to convert all its branches into UNK There were no pious UNK then about being UNK collective UNK but UNK labor monopoly. The courts shared the opinion of the employers. In UNK vs& UNK Justice UNK of the New York Supreme Court declared: UNK any UNK and UNK interference on the subject, the price of labor or the wages of mechanics will be regulated by the demand for the manufactured article and the value of that which is paid for it; but the right does not exist to raise **h the wages of the mechanic by any forced and artificial UNK UNK this statement of a nineteenth-century judge with how Congressman Martin, according to the <Daily Labor UNK of Sept& 19, 1961, UNK the necessity of enacting anti-trust legislation in the field of labor "if we wish to prevent UNK fixing of wages, production or prices and if we wish to preserve the freedom of the employer and his employees to contract on wages, hours and conditions of UNK Senator McClellan is proposing the application of anti-trust measures to unions in transportation. His bill, allegedly aimed at UNK would UNK the Sherman, Clayton and UNK acts to authorize the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other UNK even a sister local in the same UNK UNK the same week in which Senator McClellan was attempting to extend the anti-trust act to labor in transportation, the Civil UNK Board was assuring the UNK that if they met in concert to eliminate many costly features of air travel, the action would not be deemed a violation of the anti-trust act. Indeed, it is in the field of transportation that Congress has most frequently granted employers exemption from the anti-trust UNK for example, the organization of UNK conferences to set freight rates and the encouragement of railroads to seek UNK At the very moment that every attempt is being made to take management out from under the UNK of anti-trust legislation, a drive is on to abolish collective bargaining under the guise of extending the anti-monopoly laws to unions who want no more than to continue to set wages in the same way that ship operators set freight rates. ## THE passage of the Sherman Act was aimed at giant UNK It was most effective against trade unions. In the famous UNK UNK case, a suit was brought against the union by the UNK Company for UNK practices, e&g&, trying to persuade consumers not to purchase the product of the struck manufacturer. The suit against the union was successful and many workers lost their homes to pay off the judgment. In UNK the Clayton Act attempted to take labor out from under the anti-trust legislation by stating that human labor was not to be considered a UNK The law could not UNK economics. Labor remained a UNK but presumably a privileged one granted UNK from the anti-trust laws. The courts, by interpretation, UNK the act. In UNK the United UNK Workers struck the UNK UNK Company. The company sued under the anti-trust laws, alleging that the UNK activity interfered with the movement of interstate commerce. UNK other purpose could a striking union have but to interrupt the flow of commerce from the struck UNK The court first ruled that the strike constituted only an indirect interference with commerce. #THE UNK _THE UNK UNK At a UNK session on Capitol Hill last week, Secretary of State Christian UNK made his final report to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on U&S& affairs abroad. UNK UNK Democratic Senator Albert Gore summed it up for UNK What UNK presented, said UNK was "not a very encouraging UNK That was something of an UNK in a week when the underlying conflict between the West and Communism erupted on three fronts. While Communists were UNK United Nations efforts to rescue the Congo from UNK two other Communist UNK stirred the Eisenhower Administration into emergency conferences and serious decisions. UNK UNK UNK after a parade of his new Soviet tanks and UNK Dictator Fidel Castro suddenly confronted the U&S& with a blunt and drastic UNK within 48 hours, the U&S& had to reduce its embassy and UNK staffs in Cuba to a total of eleven persons (the embassy staff alone totaled UNK U&S& citizens, plus 120 Cuban UNK President Eisenhower held an 8:30 a&m& meeting with top military and UNK UNK decided to break off diplomatic relations immediately. "There is a limit to what the United States in UNK can UNK said the President. "That limit has now been UNK Through Secretary UNK Ike offered President-elect Kennedy an opportunity to associate his new Administration with the UNK decision. Kennedy, through UNK of State Dean Rusk, UNK He thus kept his hands free for any action after Jan& 20, although reaction to the break was generally favorable in the U&S& and Latin America UNK THE UNK UNK UNK After a White House UNK between the President and top UNK the Defense Department reacted sharply to a cry from the pro-Western government of Laos that several UNK of Communist troops had invaded Laos from North Viet Nam. "In view of the present situation in UNK said the UNK UNK "we are taking normal UNK actions to increase the readiness of our forces in the UNK UNK short a holiday at Hong Kong, the aircraft carriers UNK and UNK steamed off into the South China Sea, accompanied by a swarm of UNK plus UNK loaded with UNK On the UNK island base of UNK UNK Force UNK made up of Army, Navy, Marine and Air Force units, got braced to move southward on signal. But by week's end the Laotian cry of invasion was read as an exaggeration UNK UNK UNK and the U&S& was agreeing with its cautious British and French allies that a UNK rather than a UNK government might be best for Laos. UNK + UNK There was a moral of sorts in the Laotian situation that said much about all other UNK fronts. UNK economic and military experts were all agreed that UNK mountainous little Laos was the last place in the world to fight a war- and they were probably right. "It would be like fighting the French and Indian War all over again", said one military man. But why was Laos the new Southeast Asian UNK At Geneva in 1954, to get the war in UNK settled, the British and French gave in to Russian and Communist Chinese demands and agreed to the setting up of a Communist state, North Viet UNK which then, UNK became a base for Communist operations against neighboring South Viet Nam and Laos. The late Secretary of State John UNK Dulles considered the 1954 Geneva agreement a specimen of UNK saw that resolution would be needed to keep it from becoming a UNK for the West. He began the diplomatic discussions that resulted in the establishment of UNK "The important thing from now UNK he said, "is not to UNK the past but to seize the future opportunity to prevent the loss in northern Viet Nam from leading to the extension of Communism throughout Southeast UNK Russian tanks and artillery UNK through the streets of Havana, Russian intrigue in the Congo, and Russian arms drops in Laos UNK the same UNK transports that were used to carry Communist agents to the UNK made it plain once more that the cold war was all of a piece in space and time. Soviet Premier Khrushchev sent New Year's hopes for peace to President-elect Kennedy, and got a cool UNK in reply. Considering the state of the whole world, the cold war's three exposed UNK did not seem terribly UNK but, in Senator UNK words, it was "not a very UNK situation that would confront John F& Kennedy on UNK Day. #THE UNK UNK IN THE UNK As the UNK Congress began its sessions last week, liberal Democrats were ready for a finish fight to open the UNK gates controlled by the House Rules Committee and permit the free flow of liberal legislation to the floor. The liberal pressure bloc (which UNK UNK under the name Democratic Study UNK had fought the committee before, and had always lost. This time, they were much better prepared and UNK and the political climate was favorable. They had the UNK support of President-elect Kennedy, whose own legislative program was UNK by the Rules Committee UNK And counting UNK they seemed to have the votes to work their will. UNK UNK There were two possible methods of UNK the conservative barriers around the Rules UNK 1) to pack it with additional liberals and break the UNK UNK or 2) to remove one of the UNK namely UNK UNK William UNK Colmer UNK UNK UNK the liberals decided to go after UNK which actually was the more drastic course, since UNK in the House is next to UNK A UNK UNK man with a UNK UNK Colmer looks younger than his 70 years, has gradually swung from a UNK UNK position to that of a UNK conservative. He is generally and initially suspicious of any federal project, unless it happens to benefit his Gulf Coast UNK He is, of course, a UNK but he says he has never made an UNK speech. For 20 years he has enjoyed his power on the Rules Committee. There his vote, along with those of Chairman Howard Smith, the UNK Virginia judge, and the four Republican members, could and often did produce a UNK deadlock that blocked UNK UNK welfare legislation (a UNK often acceptable to the UNK congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing UNK UNK UNK There was sufficient UNK to demand UNK UNK he had given his UNK support to the UNK UNK in Mississippi. UNK are not unheard of in such situations, but the recent tendency has been for the Congress to forgive its UNK UNK In 1949 the UNK escaped UNK after their 1948 rebellion against Harry Truman, and in 1957, after Congressman Adam Clayton Powell campaigned for Dwight Eisenhower in 1956, his fellow Democrats did not touch his committee assignments, although they did strip him temporarily of his UNK UNK the heat of the UNK drive last week, Judge Smith threatened UNK against UNK Said UNK "We will see whether whites and Negroes are treated the same around UNK But Speaker Sam Rayburn, after UNK in Palm Beach with President-elect Kennedy, decided that this year something had to be done about the Rules UNK and that he was the only man who could do anything effective. In a tense, UNK session with Judge Smith, Rayburn attempted to work out a UNK to add three new members to the Rules Committee UNK Democrats, including one UNK and one UNK Smith flatly rejected the UNK and UNK Sam UNK decided to join the UNK The next morning he summoned a group of top Democrats to his private office and broke the UNK he would lead the fight to oust UNK whom he is said to regard as "an inferior man". News of UNK commitment soon leaked out. When Missouri's Clarence UNK got the word, he turned UNK UNK he shouted, and rushed off to the Speaker's Room to UNK "A dangerous UNK UNK a powerful, conservative man, brought welcome support to the UNK UNK as chairman of the UNK Committee, he holds over each member the dreadful threat of excluding this or that congressional district from federal UNK projects. UNK quietly on an equally big pork barrel was another Judge Smith ally, Georgia's Carl UNK chairman of the Armed Services Committee. UNK OF UNK As the battle raged in the UNK and UNK it became clear that Judge Smith could lose. His highest count of supporters numbered UNK and he needed nearly twice that number to control the UNK Democratic UNK The UNK UNK blood, were faced with the necessity of winning three big UNK in the Democratic Committee on UNK in the full party UNK and on the floor of the UNK before they could oust UNK UNK big question: If Colmer was to be UNK what should the House do about the other three senior UNK who supported the UNK UNK In all three UNK they seemed certain of UNK especially with Sam Rayburn applying his UNK But in the prospect of winning the battle loomed the UNK of losing a UNK war. If the Southerners were sufficiently UNK they could very well cut the Kennedy legislative program to ribbons from their vantage point of committee UNK leaving Sam Rayburn leading a UNK UNK party. With that possibility in mind, UNK UNK Mills deliberately delayed calling a meeting of the Committee on UNK and UNK Democrats sought to bring Rayburn and Smith together again to work out some sort of UNK compromise. "Here are two old men, mad at each other and too proud to pick up the UNK said a House Democratic leader. "One wants a little more power, and the other doesn't want to give up UNK UNK IN THE UNK The Senate launched the UNK Congress with its own version of an ancient liberal-conservative battle, but in contrast with the UNK guerrilla war it seemed as <pro UNK as a Capitol UNK speech. Question at UNK How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate UNK and thereby cut off UNK UNK A UNK UNK force- from UNK Democratic Hubert Humphrey to Massachusetts' Republican UNK UNK was drawn up against a solid phalanx of Southern Democrats, who have traditionally used the UNK to stop civil rights bills. New Mexico's Clint Anderson offered a resolution to change the Senate's notorious Rule 22 to allow UNK of the Senators present and voting to cut off debate, instead of the current UNK UNK Fair UNK Humphrey UNK the UNK asked UNK power for a mere majority of UNK Georgia's Dick Russell objected UNK and the battle was UNK UNK the liberals admitted that the Humphrey amendment had no chance of UNK UNK they also admitted that their hopes for Clint Anderson's UNK modification depended on none other than Republican Richard Nixon. In 1957 Nixon delivered a significant opinion that a majority of Senators had the power to adopt new rules at the beginning of each new Congress, and that any rules laid down by previous UNK were not binding. Armed with the Nixon opinion, the Senate liberals rounded up their slim majority and prepared to choke off debate on the UNK battle this week. UNK the perennial battle of Rule 22 then would be fought to a settlement once and for all. UNK UNK UNK Since Election Day, Vice President Richard Nixon had virtually UNK by his own UNK from public view. But with the UNK of the new Congress, he was the public man again, presiding over the Senate until John Kennedy's UNK One day last week, Nixon faced a painful constitutional chore that required him to UNK at a joint session of Congress to hear the official tally of the UNK College vote, and then to make UNK UNK of the election of the man who defeated him in the tight 1960 presidential election. Nixon fulfilled his assignment with grace, then went beyond the required UNK UNK "This is the first time in 100 years that a candidate for the UNK announced the result of an election in which he was UNK he said. The Masters golf tournament proved last Monday what it can do to the strongest men and the staunchest nerves. Gary Player, the small, trim South UNK was the eventual UNK but in all his 25 years he never spent a more UNK afternoon as he waited for the victory to drop in his UNK Arnold Palmer, the defending UNK lost his title on the UNK hole after a few minutes of UNK that left even his fellow UNK UNK in UNK "Just when you think you have it UNK this golf course can get up and bite you", Player had said one afternoon midway through the UNK And that is just what happened on the last few holes. The Augusta National Golf Club UNK got up and bit both Player and Palmer. Player was the first to feel its teeth. After playing a splendid first nine holes in UNK two strokes under UNK on this fifth and final day of the tournament UNK fourth round had been washed out by a violent UNK when it was only half UNK Player's game rapidly fell to pieces. He UNK the UNK After a journey through woods and stream he UNK the UNK He UNK the 15th by missing a short putt and finally UNK through the last three holes without further mishap for a UNK 74 and a UNK total of UNK As he signed his UNK and walked off the course, Player was almost in tears. He could read on the nearby UNK that Palmer, by then playing the 15th hole, was leading him by a UNK Palmer had started the round four strokes behind Player, and at one point in the afternoon had trailed by as many as six strokes. Now all he had to do was finish in even par to collect the UNK and the biggest single UNK in golf. When Palmer hit a good straight drive up the fairway on the UNK hole, he seemed to have the championship won. But the UNK shot he used to approach the green UNK into a bunker and UNK in a slight UNK In trying to hit it out with a sand wedge Palmer bounced the ball over the green, past spectators and down the slope toward a ~TV UNK UNK Palmer told Charlie UNK his UNK UNK that he simply played the hole too fast. He did seem hasty on his second and third shots, but then there was an UNK wait of several minutes while UNK UNK UNK out, giving Palmer a chance to recover his UNK which he had quite visibly lost. When the shaken Palmer finally did hit his fourth shot, he UNK the hole by 15 feet. Palmer was now putting merely for a UNK and Player, who was sitting beside his wife and watching it all on television in UNK Chairman Clifford UNK UNK apartment, stared in UNK when Palmer missed the UNK Palmer's UNK for the four rounds at Augusta was a comfortable four strokes ahead of the next closest UNK but it was barely good enough for a UNK tie with UNK The lean and UNK Oklahoma amateur, who has been playing UNK tournament golf for many years, refused to let the Masters UNK UNK him and closed the tournament with his second straight 69. UNK AT UNK Until late last Saturday afternoon Palmer had played seven consecutive rounds of golf at the UNK four last year and three this- without ever being out of first place. As evening approached and Palmer finished his Saturday round with a disappointing UNK UNK this remarkable record was still intact, thanks to his Thursday and Friday rounds of 68 and 69. His UNK total of UNK was three strokes better than the next best score, a UNK by Bill Collins, the tall and deliberate UNK who had been playing very well all winter long. But Palmer knew, as did everybody else at UNK that his streak was about to be UNK Half an hour after he finished his round, Player UNK out at the 18th green with a UNK and a UNK total of UNK four strokes ahead of Palmer. More than a streak had ended. Long after the UNK climate and the UNK final round on Sunday have become meteorological UNK the 1961 Masters will be remembered as the scene of the UNK a UNK between Arnold Palmer and Gary UNK Unlike most such sports UNK it appeared to have developed almost UNK although this was not exactly the case. When the winter tour began at Los Angeles last January there was no one in sight to challenge Palmer's towering UNK As if to confirm his stature, he quickly won three of the first eight tournaments. Player won only one. But as the tour reached UNK a month ago, Player was leading Palmer in official winnings by a few hundred dollars, and the rest of the field was somewhere off in nowhere. On the final round at UNK the luck of the draw paired Palmer and Player in the same threesome and, although it was far from obvious at the time, the gallery was treated to the first chapter of what promises to be one of the most exciting UNK in sport for a long time to come. On that final Sunday at UNK neither Palmer nor Player was leading the tournament and, as it turned out, neither won it. But UNK of these two finished ahead of the other would be the UNK financial leader of the UNK Player immediately proved he was not in the least awed by the dramatic proximity of Palmer. He UNK Palmer all around the course and finished with a tremendous 65 to Palmer's UNK UNK until the Masters, Player gradually increased his lead over Palmer in winnings and added one more tournament victory at Miami. When they reached Augusta last week, together they had won five of the 13 UNK to date. UNK UNK On Thursday, the first day of the Masters, the contest between Palmer and Player developed UNK It was a UNK UNK day but a good one on which to score over the Augusta National course. The usually UNK greens were moist and soft, so the golfers were able to strike their approach shots boldly at the UNK and putt firmly toward the hole without too much worry about the consequences. Palmer's UNK 68 got him off to an early lead, which he shared with Bob UNK But Player was only one stroke back, with a 69. Even so, it was still not clear to many in the enormous UNK of UNK unquestionably the largest golf crowd UNK that this tournament was to be, UNK a match between Palmer and UNK A lot of people were still thinking about Jack UNK the spectacular young amateur, who had a UNK or UNK UNK who had a somewhat UNK 72 but was bound to do UNK or UNK whose accurate short game and UNK UNK can overcome so many of UNK UNK or even old Byron UNK whose excellent 71 made one wonder if he had solved the UNK aspects of golf. UNK Thursday nobody except Charlie UNK was thinking of Charlie UNK On Friday, a day as UNK and lovely as Thursday had been gray and UNK the plot of the tournament came clearly into focus. UNK had started early in the day, and by the time Palmer and Player were on the UNK UNK as they were destined to be for the rest of the weekend, by about half an UNK they could see on the numerous UNK spotted around the course that UNK who ended with a UNK was not having a good day. As Player began his second round in a UNK with amateur Bill UNK his share of the gallery was not conspicuously large for a UNK Player began with a birdie on the first hole, added five straight pars and then another birdie at the UNK On the back nine he began to acquire the UNK wave of a gallery that stayed with him the rest of the UNK He birdied the UNK the 15th and the UNK five UNK one bogey and 12 pars for a UNK Starting half an hour behind Player in company with British Open Champion UNK UNK Palmer birdied the UNK the UNK the 13th and the UNK four UNK one bogey and 13 pars for a 69. The roar of Palmer's gallery as he sank a thrilling putt would roll out across the UNK landscape of UNK only to be answered moments later by the roar of Player's gallery for a similar triumph. At one point late in the day, when Palmer was UNK up a UNK putt on the UNK a UNK cheer from the direction of the 18th green unmistakably announced that Player had birdied the final hole. Without so much as a UNK or a gesture to show that he had noticed (although he later admitted that he UNK Palmer proceeded to sink his UNK and his gallery sent its explosive UNK rolling back along the UNK UNK in reply. #THE UNK OF UNK Anyone who now UNK that a personal duel was under way had only to watch how these exceptionally gifted golfers were playing this most difficult golf course. It is almost axiomatic that golfers who dominate the game of golf for any period of time attack their shots with a UNK bordering on violence. The bad luck that can so often UNK a UNK round of golf is simply UNK and UNK by the contemptuous UNK of these champions. Bob Jones played that way. Byron Nelson did, Hogan did. And last week at the Masters Palmer and Player did. As the third round of the tournament began on Saturday and the duel was resumed in UNK it was Player's superior aggressiveness that carried him into the lead. This day Palmer had started first. As Player stepped on the first tee he knew that Palmer had birdied the first two holes and already was 2 under par for the day. Player immediately proceeded to follow suit. In fact, he went on to birdie the 6th and UNK as well, to go 4 under par for the first eight holes. But Player's real test came on the ninth hole, a downhill UNK to the left measuring 420 yards. He hit a poor tee shot, pulling it off into the pine woods separating the 9th and first UNK Having hit one of the trees, the ball came to rest not more than 160 yards out. Player then had the choice of UNK the ball safely out of the woods to the 9th fairway and settling for a bogey 5, or UNK The latter involved hitting a full UNK out to the first fairway and toward the UNK hoping to slice it back to the deeply UNK 9th green. "I was hitting the ball well", Player said later, "and I felt strong. When you're playing like that you'd better UNK Player attacked with his UNK and hit a shot that few who saw it will ever UNK It struck the 9th green on the fly and stopped just off the edge. From there he UNK back and sank his putt for a par 4. Palmer, UNK had been having his troubles. They started on the 4th hole, a UNK UNK On this day the wind had switched UNK from the northwest to the UNK and nearly every shot on the course was different from the previous few days. At the 4th tee Palmer chose to hit a UNK when a UNK was the proper club, so he put the ball in a bunker in front of the green. His bogey 4 on this hole and subsequent UNK at 5 and 7 along with a birdie at 8 brought him back to even UNK Starting the second nine, Palmer was already four strokes behind Player and knew it. When Mickey Charles Mantle, the New York UNK man of muscle, drives a home run 450 feet into the bleachers, his feat touches upon the UNK When Roger Eugene Maris, Mantle's muscular UNK powers four home runs in a UNK his performance merits UNK But when tiny, UNK Albert Gregory Pearson of the Los Angeles UNK who once caught three straight fly balls in center field because, as a UNK explained, "the other team thought no one was out there", hits seven home runs in four months (three more than his total in 1958, 1959, and 1960), his achievement borders on the ridiculous. This is Baseball 1961. This is the year home runs ranged from the UNK to the ridiculous. It is the year when (1) UNK Jim Gentile of the Baltimore Orioles UNK to the plate in consecutive UNK with the bases loaded and, in unprecedented style, delivered consecutive UNK home UNK (2) Willie Mays of the San Francisco Giants borrowed a UNK bat and became the ninth big UNK to stroke four home runs in a UNK (3) the Milwaukee UNK tied a major-league record with fourteen home runs in three games and lost two of them; and (4) UNK Johnny UNK of the New York Yankees matched a record with home runs in four successive times at bat, two of them as a UNK UNK grumble about lively balls and lively UNK the UNK strike UNK and the fact that the UNK pitch is now UNK Experts point to the UNK of pitching talent in the American League caused by UNK Whatever the reasons, not in 30 years has a single season produced such UNK assaults upon the bureau of baseball records, UNK UNK Of all the records in peril, one stands apart, dramatic in its making, dramatic in its endurance, and now, doubly dramatic in its UNK This, of course, is baseball's most remarkable UNK The 60 home runs hit in 1927 by the UNK UNK the incredible athlete, George Herman UNK Ruth of the Yankees. Since 1927, fewer than a dozen men have made serious runs at Babe Ruth's record and each, in turn, has been UNK What ultimately frustrated every UNK was Ruth's amazing September UNK In the final month of the 1927 season, he hit seventeen home runs, a closing UNK never UNK UNK UNK UNK in the abortive attacks upon Ruth's record, one man alone- a Jimmy UNK UNK in UNK or a Hank UNK UNK in UNK or a UNK Wilson UNK in UNK made the UNK But now, for the first time since Lou Gehrig (with 47 home UNK spurred Ruth on in 1927, two men playing for the same team have UNK in on UNK Their names are Mantle and Maris, their team is the Yankees, and their threat is real. After 108 games in 1927, Ruth had 35 home runs. After 108 games in 1961, Mickey Mantle has UNK Roger Maris UNK UNK Mantle's and Maris's present paces over the full 1961 schedule of UNK games, and, UNK each will hit more than 60 home runs. This is the great edge the two Yankees have going for them. To better Ruth's UNK neither needs a spectacular September flourish. All Mantle needs is eight more home runs in August and ten in September, and he will establish a new record. In Ruth's UNK and until this year- the schedule was 154 games. Baseball commissioner Ford UNK has ruled that Ruth's record will remain official unless it is broken in 154 UNK "Even on the basis of 154 games, this is the ideal UNK insists Hank UNK now vice-president of the Chicago White Sox. "It has to be easier with two of them. How can you walk Maris to get to UNK UNK Neither Mantle nor Maris, UNK will predict 60 home runs for himself. Although both concede they would like to hit 60, they stick primarily to the baseball player's standard UNK "The important thing is to win the UNK But one thing is for UNK There is no UNK between Mantle, the American League's Most UNK Player in 1956 and 1957, and Maris, the UNK in 1960. Each enjoys seeing the other hit home runs UNK hope Roger hits UNK Mantle UNK and each enjoys even more seeing himself hit home runs UNK I hope I hit UNK The UNK get along so well in fact, that with their families at home for the summer UNK in Dallas, Maris's in Kansas UNK they are rooming together. Mantle, Maris, and Bob UNK a utility UNK share an apartment in UNK Long Island, not far from New York International UNK The three pay UNK a month for four rooms UNK dining room, living room, and UNK with UNK and new modern furniture. Mantle and Cerv use the twin beds in the UNK Maris UNK on a green studio UNK in the living room. They divide up the household UNK Cerv does most of the cooking UNK and sandwich UNK with dinner UNK Mantle supplies the transportation (a white 1961 UNK UNK and Maris drives the UNK course from the apartment house to Yankee Stadium. Mantle, Maris, and Cerv probably share one major-league record UNK Among them, they have fifteen UNK eight for UNK four for Mantle, and three for UNK As UNK UNK and UNK UNK Mantle, 29, who broke in with the Yankees ten years ago, and Maris, 26, who came to the Yankees from Kansas City two years ago, have strikingly similar UNK Both were scholastic stars in UNK UNK and baseball UNK in Commerce, UNK Maris in UNK UNK as UNK both came close to playing football at the University of Oklahoma UNK in the UNK Maris UNK "I wished I had gone to UNK To an extent, the two even look alike. Both have blue eyes and short blond hair. Both are 6 feet tall and weigh between UNK and 200 pounds, but Mantle, incredibly muscular (he has a UNK UNK looks UNK With their huge backs and UNK shoulders, both must have their clothes made to order. Maris purchases $100 suits from UNK in New York. Mantle, more concerned with dress, buys his suits four at a time at Neiman-Marcus in Dallas and pays as much as $250 each. UNK UNK Neither Mantle nor Maris need fear being classified an intellectual, but lately Mantle has shown unusual devotion to an intellectual UNK Henry Miller's UNK of UNK Mantle so appreciated Miller's delicate literary style that he broadened UNK minds by reading sensitive passages aloud during road trips. Mantle is not normally given to public UNK or, for that matter, to private UNK "What do you and Mickey talk about at UNK a reporter asked Maris recently. "To tell you the UNK Maris said, UNK don't talk much". This is no surprising trait for a UNK What is surprising and pleasant is that Mantle and Maris, under constant pressure from writers and UNK are trying to be UNK Of the two, Mantle is by nature the less UNK Maris the more UNK But last week, when a reporter was standing near Mantle's locker, Mickey walked up and volunteered an UNK UNK that UNK he said, pointing to a UNK UNK boy. "That's UNK UNK I'll never forget one time I struck out three times, dropped a fly ball, and we lost the game. I came back, sitting by my locker, feeling real low, and the kid walks over to me, looks up, and says: 'You UNK Maris, in talking to reporters, tries to answer all questions UNK and UNK but on rare occasions, he UNK UNK "When I've made a dumb UNK he says, "I don't want to talk to anyone. I'm UNK By his own confession, Maris is an angry young man. UNK at UNK in 1955, he told manager Dutch UNK "I can't play for you. UNK me where I can play". UNK sent him to UNK UNK UNK at Indianapolis in 1956, he told manager UNK UNK "I'm not learning anything on the UNK Play me". UNK UNK and Maris led the team to victory in the Little World UNK "That's the way I am", he says. "I tell people what I UNK If you're a good UNK you've got to get mad. Give me a team of nine angry men and I'll give you a team of nine gentlemen and we'll beat you nine out of ten times". UNK UNK One good indication of the two men's personalities is the way they reacted to meeting their own heroes. Maris's was Ted Williams. "When I was a UNK Maris told a sportswriter last week, "I used to follow Williams every day in the box score, just to see whether he got a hit or UNK "When you came up to the UNK did you seek out Williams for UNK "Are you UNK said UNK "You're afraid to talk to a guy you UNK Mantle's hero was Joe UNK "When Mickey went to the UNK says Mark Freeman, an UNK pitcher who sells mutual funds in Denver, UNK still was playing and every day Mickey would go by his locker, just aching for some word of encouragement from this great man, this hero of his. But UNK never said a word. It crushed UNK He told me he vowed right then that if he ever got to be a star, this never would be said of him". Mantle has kept the UNK Among all the Yankees, he is the veteran most friendly to UNK Neither Mantle nor Maris is totally devoted to baseball above all else. If laying ties on a railroad track, which he once did for $1 an hour, paid more than playing right field for the Yankees, Maris would lay ties on a railroad track. If working in a zinc mine, which he once did for UNK cents an hour, paid more than playing center field for the Yankees, Mantle would work in a zinc mine. But since UNK and mining are not the highest paid arts, Mantle and Maris concentrate on baseball. They try to play baseball the best they can. Each is a complete UNK Mantle, beyond any question, can do more things well. UNK of the reasons they get along UNK says a sportswriter who is friendly with the two men, "is that both realize Mantle is UNK above UNK UNK Mantle has an immediate advantage because he UNK both UNK and UNK Maris only UNK They both possess near classic UNK dug in firmly, arms high, set for fierce UNK Mantle is considerably better hitting for average UNK fourth in the league, to UNK for Maris so far this UNK Both are good UNK Maris once beat out eighteen of nineteen in the minor UNK Mantle is a master at dragging a bunt toward first base. Both have brilliant UNK Mantle was timed from home plate UNK UNK to first base in UNK seconds, faster than any other major UNK Maris ran the UNK dash in ten seconds in high school and once won a race against UNK UNK the UNK UNK shortstop of the White Sox. Both are good, daring UNK Mantle covers more UNK Maris's throwing arm is stronger. Yet with all their UNK the appeal of Mantle and Maris in 1961 comes down to one UNK The home run. With this ultimate weapon, the two Yankees may have saved baseball from its UNK season. UNK League expansion created, UNK weaker UNK Only two teams in each league [the Yankees and Detroit, the Dodgers and UNK are battling for first place. UNK the emphasis on the home run, at a peak this year, came into being at baseball's lowest moment. In 1920, as the startling news that the UNK White Sox had conspired to lose the World Series leaked out, fans grew UNK and disinterested in baseball. Something was needed to revive UNK the something was the home run. Into Washington on President-elect John F& Kennedy's UNK the UNK winged UNK UNK UNK and his close Hollywood UNK UNK Peter UNK Jack Kennedy's UNK Also included in the UNK a dog in a black UNK Frankie and Peter had an urgent UNK to stage a mammoth UNK Eve entertainment gala in the capital's National Guard UNK Frankie was fairly UNK with ideas, as he had hinted upon his UNK "It's really tremendous when you think UNK Fitzgerald is coming from UNK I could talk to you for three hours and still not be able to give you all of our UNK As the plans were UNK some several thousand fat cats were to be UNK in the UNK $100 seats and in 68 UNK boxes priced at $10,000 each. The biggest single act would doubtless be staged by Frankie himself: his UNK wardrobe had been designed by Hollywood UNK Don UNK who regularly makes up ladies' UNK Soon after UNK leaked the news that Frankie had ordered "two of UNK just "in case he UNK UNK Frankie got so mad at the chic designer that he vowed he would not wear a UNK of UNK UNK @ ## A year after he was UNK over nine officers senior to him and made UNK of the Marine Corps, General UNK M& UNK delivered a peppery annual report in the form of a UNK UNK New Year" UNK to his Pentagon staff. Said UNK UNK "A year ago I took the grips of the plow in my hands. After pushing an accumulation of vines and UNK from the UNK I lifted the lines from the dust and found UNK to that plow the finest team I ever held a UNK on. Little UNK and UNK have been UNK But UNK also gave the Corps a UNK in spots. Speaking of UNK he UNK the UNK officer UNK uniform looks like it belonged to someone who retired in UNK the officer with the yellow UNK or the bay window. A few of these people are still UNK @ ## Old and new briefly crossed paths in the U&S& Senate, then went their respective ways. At a reception for new members of Congress, Oregon Democrat UNK UNK taking the Senate seat held by her husband Richard until his death last March, got a UNK UNK from Democratic Elder UNK Adlai Stevenson, U&S& UNK to the UNK Meanwhile, after 24 years in the Senate, Rhode Island's durable Democrat UNK Francis UNK having walked, UNK and UNK himself to the hearty age of UNK left that UNK body UNK because he could surely have been UNK had he chosen to run again last UNK as the oldest man ever to serve in the Senate. @ ## The most famous undergraduate of South Philadelphia High School is a current UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK name: Fabian UNK 17, and last week it developed that he will remain an undergraduate for a while. The principal of the school announced that- despite the help of private UNK in Hollywood and UNK Fabian is a UNK scholar in English and mathematics. Lacking his needed credits in those subjects, Fabian will not graduate with his old UNK next week. South Philadelphia UNK principal added that the current delay was caused by the UNK of a movie that the UNK lad was making. @ ## To UNK Man UNK UNK UNK cover, Aug& UNK whose gold UNK in last summer's Olympic UNK was won as much on UNK as talent, went the UNK James E& Sullivan Memorial Trophy as the outstanding U&S& amateur athlete of 1960. As the world's top UNK pro or UNK UNK UNK tapped UNK confident Arnold Palmer UNK cover, May UNK who staged two UNK UNK to win both the Masters and U&S& Open UNK went on to win a record UNK for the year. @ ## UNK through Sydney on his way to race in the New UNK Grand UNK Britain's UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK 31, all but UNK himself in his own exhaust of UNK "I'm a UNK he announced. "My taste is gaudy. I'm useless for anything but racing cars. I'm UNK lazy, and I'm getting on in years. It gets so UNK but then again I don't know what I could do if I gave up UNK Has UNK no UNK UNK "I appreciate UNK @ ## One of Nikita Khrushchev's most enthusiastic UNK the UNK daily UNK UNK interviewed UNK UNK UNK UNK at his Swiss UNK where he has been in UNK since 1952. UNK UNK who met K& when the Soviet boss visited England in 1956, confided that he hopes to visit Russia some time this summer because "I have UNK at your UNK experiment and I believe in your future". Then Charlie UNK out some quick impressions of the Nikita he had UNK "I was UNK by his humor, frankness and good nature and by his kind, strong and somewhat UNK UNK G& David Thompson is one of those names known to the UNK of UNK UNK and to UNK in Europe's best hotels, but he is somewhat of an UNK to most people in his own home town of UNK There the name vaguely UNK UNK UNK a reputation for UNK and an UNK for collecting art. Last week, in the German city of UNK G& David Thompson was making UNK that could well give Pittsburgh pause. On display were UNK first-class paintings and sculptures from his fabled UNK and every single one of them was up for sale. Like UNK late Dr& Albert C& Barnes who kept his own great collection closed to the general public UNK Jan& UNK Thompson, at 61, is something of a legend in his own UNK He made his fortune during World War /2, when he took over a number of dying steel plants and kept them alive until the UNK Even before he hit big money, he had begun buying modern UNK He gave the impression of never having read a word about art, but there was no doubt that he had an eye for the best. He was able to smell a UNK and a UNK a continent away, and the Museum of Modern UNK Alfred UNK said of him: "I have never mentioned a new artist that Thompson didn't know UNK He might barge into a gallery, start haggling over prices without so much as a word of UNK He could be lavishly generous with friends, cab drivers and UNK but with dealers he was UNK He bought up UNK UNK UNK UNK a splendid Picasso series, more than 70 UNK UNK He gathered one of the biggest collections of Paul UNK in the world. All these he hung in his UNK home called UNK UNK outside Pittsburgh, and only people he liked and trusted ever got to see them. Two years ago Thompson offered his collection to the city. But he insisted that it be housed in a special museum. Pittsburgh turned him down, just as Pittsburgh society had been UNK him for years. He went then to a UNK UNK art dealer named Ernst UNK with whom he had long been trading pictures. Last year UNK arranged to sell UNK worth of UNK to the state of North UNK which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built. Last week most of the other UNK once offered to Pittsburgh, went on the block. At the opening of the UNK show, Thompson himself scarcely glanced at the treasures that he was seeing together for the last time. In fact he seemed delighted to get rid of them. Some observers UNK that this might be his UNK on his home town. Thompson himself said: "I want to enjoy once more the pleasure of bare walls waiting for new UNK UNK IN UNK The University of Georgia has long claimed that it does not UNK against any applicant on the basis of race or color. But in all its UNK years, not a single Negro student has entered its UNK Last week Federal District Judge William A& UNK ordered the university to admit immediately a UNK Negro boy and girl. Their entry will crack the total segregation of all public education, from UNK through graduate school, in UNK and in Alabama, Mississippi and South Carolina as well. For 18 months, Hamilton Holmes, 19, and Charlayne UNK 18, had tried to get into the university. They graduated together from Atlanta's Turner High School, where UNK Holmes was first in the class and Charlayne third. The university rejected them on a variety of UNK but was careful never to mention the color of their UNK Holmes went to Atlanta's UNK UNK College, where he is a UNK student and star UNK Charlayne studied journalism at UNK Wayne State University. Last fall, after they took their hopes for entering Georgia to court, Judge UNK ordered them to apply again. Charlayne was UNK admitted for next fall, after state investigators questioned her white UNK at Wayne State. But Holmes was rejected again "on the basis of his record and UNK The evidence in court was testimony about the interview, which for Holmes lasted an hour, although at least one white student at Georgia got through this ritual by a simple phone conversation. Holmes was asked if he had ever visited a house of UNK or a UNK parlor or UNK No, said he, but officials still called him UNK They also said he UNK in saying that he had never been UNK Their UNK Holmes once paid a $20 UNK fine, had his license UNK Negro lawyers dug into the records of 300 white students, found that many were hardly interviewed at all- and few had academic records as good as Hamilton UNK The real reason for his rejection, they argued, is the fact that Georgia law automatically cuts off funds for any desegregated school. Judge UNK UNK "The two plaintiffs are qualified for admission to said university and would already have been admitted had it not been for their race and UNK The state will UNK but few think it will actually try to close the university. UNK and UNK Students Holmes and Hunter may enter the University of Georgia this week. UNK FOR UNK When the University of Chicago's Chancellor Lawrence A& Kimpton submitted his resignation last March, a mighty talent hunt gripped the UNK Out went letters to 60,000 old UNK asking for UNK Such academic statesmen as James B& Conant were UNK Two committees pondered 375 possible Kimpton successors, including Adlai Stevenson, Richard Nixon, and UNK Dean UNK UNK The debate led to a decision that Chicago needed neither a big name nor an experienced academic administrator, but rather, as UNK Chairman Glen A& Lloyd put it, "a top scholar in his own UNK a bright light to lure other top scholars to Chicago. Last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in UNK acting dean of the UNK dynamic UNK George Wells UNK 57, who shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and UNK for discovering how UNK affect UNK by controlling cell chemistry UNK UNK July 14, 1958). It fell to Chancellor UNK now a Standard Oil UNK UNK to spend his UNK reign UNK up Chicago after the UNK UNK of UNK Robert UNK UNK He threw out some of UNK more wildly experimental courses, raised UNK undergraduate enrollment to UNK nearly doubled UNK to UNK million. But though Kimpton put Chicago in what he felt was working order, some old UNK feel that it still needs the kind of lively teachers who filled it in the UNK Hutchins era. At UNK UNK UNK has stuck close to his research as head of the school's famous biology division since UNK But he has shown a UNK ability to spot, recruit and excite able UNK and has developed unexpected talents in fund raising and UNK UNK is even that rare scientist who takes an interest in money matters; he UNK reads the UNK Street UNK and took delight in driving a $250 model ~A Ford for 22 years, then selling it for UNK A philosopher may point out that the troubles of the Congo began with the old Adam and consequently will never end. But a historian might put his finger on a specific man and date, and hold out the hope that the troubles will sometime pass away. The man was King UNK /2, of the Belgians, who in UNK concluded that he had better grab a colony while the UNK was still good. By force, he took under his protection, or UNK UNK square miles of wilderness in Central Africa. This is an area nearly as large as Western UNK and it was filled then as now by quarreling tribes with no political or historical unity. Its boundaries had nothing to do with UNK or ethnic UNK they were determined by the points at which UNK explorers and gunmen got tired of UNK The population of the Congo is 13.5 million, divided into at least seven major UNK UNK and innumerable tribes speaking 400 separate UNK The religions of the people include UNK UNK UNK ancestor worship and UNK The climate ranges from the UNK UNK to the UNK The hospitals contain patients UNK by elephants or run over by sports cars. To make one nation out of these UNK would be a problem large enough in any case; it has been made far more difficult by what the Belgians have done, or failed to do, in the Congo since UNK At first the Belgian royal family administered the Congo as its own private property. But by UNK its record of brutality had touched the national conscience. The Belgian government itself took over administration, commencing a program of UNK UNK in the history of UNK One definition of UNK is "The principle or practice, on the part of a government, of managing the affairs of a country in the manner of a father dealing with his children". The honor of the Belgians in this matter is not to be UNK only their judgment. UNK a father permits his children to grow up in due time- but when the colony received independence in 1960 the Congolese child, if one imagines him to have been born in 1908, was 52 and had until then been treated as an UNK ## The Belgians were interested primarily in the economic development of the Congo, which is rich in UNK tin, UNK UNK UNK and UNK and cotton and palm oil. The colony was administered from UNK with neither the Congolese nor the resident Belgians having any vote. The beneficiaries of this administration were a number of huge UNK in which both individuals and the Belgian government itself held stock. In UNK UNK John UNK describes one of these, the UNK UNK as "the kind of UNK that might be UNK if, let us say, the House of Morgan, UNK UNK the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, the Pennsylvania UNK and various companies producing agricultural products were UNK together, with the United States UNK as a heavy UNK Had they been truly UNK the Belgians might have exploited the Congolese without UNK But they were not. They provided a social security system which covered all their African UNK their program of mass medical care was doubtless the best on the UNK they put much effort into public UNK They also instituted a ration system under which all employers in the Congo were required to furnish their employes with clothing and adequate food. But instead of delivering the UNK either in actual commodities or in UNK at intervals of perhaps two weeks or a month, the Belgians felt obliged to UNK it out more often. Would not the children, if they received all their food on the first day of the month, eat it up UNK and later go UNK The Belgians also placed great emphasis on education. During the UNK there were as many as 25,000 schools in the Congo. But almost all the schools were primary. The average Congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of UNK UNK and UNK UNK and write his name. Some schools were UNK the Belgians needed UNK and mechanics to help exploit the land, and trained many. But they did not believe in widespread secondary education, much less in college. It was their conviction that the people should be UNK up UNK a grade at a time, until in some indefinite future some might be ready to tackle history, economics and political science. Indeed, the Belgians discouraged higher education, fearing the creation of a native intellectual elite which might cause UNK When the Congo received its independence in 1960 there were, among its 13.5 million people, exactly 14 university graduates. ## Why did the Belgians grant independence to a colony so manifestly unprepared to accept it? In one large UNK it might be said that the Belgians felt, far too late, the UNK of nationalism sweeping Africa. They lacked time to prepare the Congo, as the British and French had prepared their UNK The Congolese were UNK for their independence, even though most were UNK what it UNK and in UNK street crowds shouted, UNK UNK UNK de UNK UNK one drop of UNK The Belgians would not fight for the privilege of being the detested UNK rather than teach where teaching was not wanted, they would wash their hands of the mess. It is hard to blame them for this. Yet there were other motivations and actions which the Belgians took after independence for which history may not find them UNK As the time for independence approached there were in the Congo no fewer than 120 political parties, or approximately eight for each university UNK There were four principal ones. First, there were those Congolese UNK them Joseph UNK who favored UNK the country into small independent states, UNK it. Second, there were those UNK UNK who favored UNK a loose UNK having a central government of limited authority, with much power residing in the states. Third, there were those UNK Patrice UNK who favored a unified Congo with a very strong central government. And UNK there were moderates who were in no hurry for independence and wished to wait until the Congo grew up. However, the positions of all parties and leaders were constantly UNK A final factor which contributed greatly to the fragmentation of the Congo, immediately after independence, was the provincial structure that had been established by the Belgians for convenience in administration. They had divided the Congo into six UNK UNK UNK UNK Katanga, UNK and UNK unfortunately with little regard for ethnic groupings. Thus some provinces contained tribes which detested each other, and to them independence meant an opportunity for war. The Belgian Congo was granted its independence with what seemed a workable UNK form of UNK there were to be a president and a UNK and a UNK legislature elected by universal suffrage in the UNK UNK around the world hoped that the Congo would quickly assume a respectable position in the society of nations. If internal UNK UNK they could be handled by the UNK Congolese army, the UNK UNK which had been trained and was still UNK by white UNK The president, Joseph UNK seemed an able administrator and the UNK Patrice UNK a reasonable man. UNK hours after independence the wild UNK commenced fighting each other. UNK the UNK members of the UNK UNK many of them drawn from savage and even UNK UNK erupted in UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK engulfed the thousands of Belgian UNK who had remained in the country. The Belgian government decided to act, and on July 10 dispatched UNK to the Congo. On July 11 the head of the UNK province of Katanga, Moise Tshombe, announced that his province had UNK from the country. UNK became UNK each succeeding day brought new acts of violence. Lumumba and UNK blamed it all on the military intervention by the Belgians, and appealed to the United Nations to send troops to oust them. ## On July 14 the Security UNK with France and Great Britain UNK voted the resolution which drew the U&N& into the Congo. UNK in UNK it called for withdrawal of Belgian troops and authorized the UNK "to take the necessary steps **h to provide the UNK Government with such military assistance as may be necessary, until, through the efforts of the Congolese Government with the technical assistance of the United Nations, the national security forces may be UNK in the opinion of the Government, to meet fully their tasks **h". UNK UNK decided that it would be preferable if the U&N& troops sent into the Congo were to come from UNK or at least UNK UNK certainly not from the U&S&, Russia, Great Britain or France. He quickly called on Ghana, UNK UNK UNK and UNK which dispatched troops within hours. Ultimately the U&N& army in the Congo reached a top strength of UNK including about 5,000 from India and a few soldiers from UNK and UNK who were the only UNK It took the U&N& three months to bring a modest form of order to the Congo. The Belgians were reluctant to withdraw their troops and often obstructed U&N& efforts. The wildly UNK nature of Patrice Lumumba caused constant problems- he frequently announced that he wanted the U&N& to get out of the Congo along with the Belgians, and appealed to Russia for help. UNK there is little evidence that the late Lumumba was a UNK Before appealing to the U&N& or to Russia, he first appealed to the U&S& for military help, and was UNK Lumumba further complicated the UNK mission by initiating small UNK with the secessionist province of Katanga and with South UNK which, under Albert UNK wanted to secede as well. Meanwhile Russia took every opportunity to UNK in the Congo, sending Lumumba equipment for his UNK UNK UNK and even threatening, on occasion, to UNK openly. But by the end of the three-month period, in October 1960, something approaching calm settled on the Congo. President UNK became UNK with Lumumba and fired him. Lumumba fired UNK Control of the UNK such control as there was and such government as there was- passed into the hands of Joseph UNK chief of staff of the Congolese army. UNK promptly flung out the Russians, who have not since played any significant part on the local scene, although they have UNK their UNK efforts at U&N& headquarters in New York. The UNK at least UNK departed from the Congo as well, withdrawing all of their uniformed troops. But they left behind them large numbers of officers, variously called UNK or UNK who now staff the army of Moise UNK in Katanga, the UNK province which, according to Tshombe, holds UNK of the mineral wealth of the entire country. From October 1960 to February 1961, the U&N& forces in the Congo took little action. There was no UNK for it- the Security Council's resolution had not mentioned political matters, and in any case the United Nations by the terms of its charter may not interfere in the political affairs of any nation, whether to UNK it, UNK it or UNK it. During the UNK UNK civil war UNK and UNK throughout the Congo. In February the murder of Patrice UNK who had been kidnaped into Katanga and executed on order of Tshombe, again stirred the U&N& to action. On Feb& 21 the council passed another resolution urging the taking of "all appropriate measures to prevent the occurrence of civil war in the Congo, including **h the use of force, if necessary, in the last UNK Although the resolution might have been far more UNK it was considerably tougher than the earlier one. It also urged that the U&N& UNK and prevent the return of, all Belgian and other foreign military and political UNK ordered an investigation of Lumumba's death; urged the UNK of the Congolese Parliament and the reorganization of the army. #THE UNK UNK AND UNK Though President John F& Kennedy was primarily concerned with the crucial problems of Berlin and disarmament adviser UNK unexpected report from Khrushchev, his new enthusiasm and reliance on personal diplomacy involved him in other key problems of U&S& foreign policy last week. High up on the President's priority list was the UNK question of UNK On this issue, the President received a detailed report from his U&N& Ambassador Adlai Stevenson, who had just returned from Paris, and Mr& Kennedy asked Stevenson to search for a UNK way- for both Paris and UNK out of the UNK Ideally, the President would like the French to agree on a UNK quo UNK on UNK and accept a new timetable for withdrawing their forces from the Mediterranean base. To continue their important conversations about the Tunisian issue and the whole range of other problems, Mr& Kennedy invited UNK to Cape Cod for the weekend. The President also discussed the UNK deadlock with the No& 2 man in the Tunisian Government, Defense Minister UNK UNK who flew to Washington last week to seek U&S& support. The conversation apparently convinced Mr& Kennedy that the positions of France and UNK were not UNK Through UNK Mr& Kennedy sent a message along those lines to Tunisian President UNK UNK and one U&S& official said: "The key question now is which side UNK up the phone UNK On the Latin American front, the President held talks with Secretary of the Treasury Douglas Dillon before sending him to UNK and the Inter-American Economic and Social Council (which the President himself had originally hoped to UNK Main purpose of the UNK To discuss President Kennedy's UNK for UNK And that was not all. In conferences with UNK China's UNK diminutive Vice President Chen UNK Mr& Kennedy assured Chiang UNK UNK that the U&S& is as firmly opposed as ever to the admission of Red China to the United Nations. Chen was equally adamant in his opposition to the admission of Outer UNK however the President, who would like to UNK the former Chinese province away from both UNK and Moscow, would promise Chen nothing more than an abstention by the U&S& if Outer UNK admission comes to a vote. The President also conferred with UNK from UNK and UNK who are seeking more foreign aid. To Africa, he sent his most trusted adviser, his brother, Attorney General Robert Kennedy, on a UNK mission to the UNK UNK All week long the President clearly was playing a larger personal role in foreign UNK in effect, he was practicing what he preached in his Berlin message two weeks ago when he declared: "We shall always be prepared to discuss international problems with any and all nations that are willing to talk, and UNK with UNK UNK UNK From International Airport in Los Angeles to International Airport in Houston, as the great UNK Boeing 707 UNK is a routine five hours and 25 minutes, including UNK at Phoenix, El Paso, and San UNK When Continental Airlines UNK UNK UNK took off at UNK one night last week, there was no reason to think it would take any longer. The plane put down on schedule at UNK a&m& in UNK UNK minutes later, when it took off for El Paso, hardly anyone of the crew of six or the 65 other passengers paid any attention to the man and teen-age boy who had come aboard. At UNK a&m&, with the plane about twenty minutes out of El Paso, passenger Robert Berry, a San Antonio advertising man, glanced up and saw the man and boy, accompanied by a UNK walking up the aisle toward the cockpit. "The man was bent over with his hand on his UNK Berry said. "I figured he was UNK John UNK a farmer from Palm UNK Calif&, was sitting up front and could see through the door as the trio entered the cockpit. "The kid had a .45 UNK like they issue in the UNK he said. "The other fellow had a UNK UNK saw the youth hold his .45 against the head of UNK UNK UNK the man put his UNK at the head of Capt& Byron D& UNK To UNK a UNK veteran 30 years in the air, it was an old UNK His plane was being UNK in UNK again much as it had happened in 1930, when UNK rebels made him land a Ford UNK at UNK But last week's pirates, like the UNK who recently UNK an Eastern Airlines UNK UNK Aug& UNK wanted to go to Havana. UNK UNK your company there are four of us here with UNK the elder man told UNK The pilot UNK El Paso International Airport with just that message. But, he told the UNK the 707 didn't carry enough fuel to reach UNK they would have to UNK at El UNK Most passengers didn't know what had happened until they got on the ground. Jerry UNK of UNK Calif&, one of some twenty Air Force recruits on board, UNK from a UNK in confusion. "The old man came from the front of the plane and said he wanted four volunteers to go to UNK UNK said, "and like a nut I raised my hand. I thought he was the Air Force UNK What the man wanted was four persons to volunteer as UNK along with the crew. They chose UNK Jack UNK who works for Continental Airlines in UNK Fred UNK from Mercer Island, UNK UNK Truman Cleveland of St& UNK Fla&, and Leonard UNK a former college UNK and veteran of the U&S& Immigration Service Border UNK Everybody else was allowed to file off the plane after it touched down at El Paso at UNK UNK They found a large welcoming group- El Paso policemen, Border UNK UNK UNK and ~FBI men, who surged around the plane with rifles and submarine UNK Other ~FBI men, talking with the pilot from the UNK conspired with him to delay the proposed flight to Havana. The ground crew, which ordinarily UNK a 707 in twenty minutes, took fully three hours. Still more time was consumed while the pilot, at the UNK suggestion of Continental president Robert UNK tried to persuade the armed pair to UNK the Boeing jet for a UNK Douglas UNK Actually, the officers on the ground had no intention of letting the UNK get away with any kind of an UNK they had orders to that effect straight from President Kennedy, who thought at first, as did most others, that it was four followers of UNK Fidel Castro who had taken over the UNK Mr& Kennedy had been informed early in the day of the attempt to UNK the plane, kept in touch throughout by telephone. At one time, while still under the impression that he was dealing with a Cuban plot, the President talked about invoking a total UNK on trade with Cuba. As the morning wore on and a blazing West Texas sun wiped the shadows off the Franklin Mountains, police got close enough to the plane to pry into the baggage UNK From the UNK they learned that the two air pirates, far from being UNK were native Americans, subsequently identified as Leon UNK UNK UNK from Coolidge, Ariz&, and his son, UNK 16, a high-school UNK UNK The heat and strain began to tell on the UNK The father, by accident or perhaps to show, as he said, "we mean UNK took the .45 and fired a slug between the legs of Second UNK Norman UNK At 7:30 a&m&, more than three hours after UNK the UNK gave an UNK Take off or see the UNK killed. The tower cleared the plane for take-off at 8 a&m&, and Captain UNK began UNK toward the UNK Several police cars, loaded with armed officers, raced UNK blazing away at the tires of the big jet. The UNK flattened ten tires and UNK one of the UNK UNK the plane slowed to a UNK UNK baggage trucks, and cars surrounded it. The day wore on. At UNK p&m& a ramp was rolled up to the plane. A few minutes later, ~FBI agent Francis UNK talking fast, eased up the ramp to the plane, UNK While UNK distracted the UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK dropped out of a rear door. So did UNK UNK Cleveland, and UNK That left only the four crew members, UNK and Border Patrolman UNK all UNK with the UNK The elder UNK had one pistol in his hand, the other in a hip pocket. UNK started talking to him until he saw his chance. He caught officer UNK eye, nodded toward young UNK and- "I swung my right as hard as I could. Simmons and UNK jumped the boy and it was all over". UNK off the airplane at UNK p&m&, the UNK were held in bail of $100,000 each on charges of UNK and transporting a stolen plane across state lines. UNK reportedly hoped to UNK the plane to Castro, and live high in UNK Back home in Coolidge, Ariz&, his UNK wife, Mary, said: "I thought they were going to Phoenix to look for UNK UNK MORE UNK Taking UNK over all other legislation on Capitol Hill last week was the military strength of the nation. The Senate put other business aside as it moved with UNK speed and unanimity to UNK 85 to UNK the largest peacetime defense budget in U&S& history. With the money all but in hand, however, the Administration indicated that, instead of the UNK more men in uniform that President Kennedy had UNK the armed forces would be increased by only UNK The UNK as Pentagon UNK labeled it, apparently was a temporary expedient intended to insure that the army services are built up gradually and, thus, the new funds spent UNK In all, the Senate signed a check for UNK billion, which not only included the extra UNK billion requested the week before by President Kennedy, but UNK on UNK million more than the President had asked for. (The Senate, on its own, decided to provide additional ~B-52 and other long-range bombers for the Strategic Air UNK The House, which had passed its smaller appropriation before the President's urgent call for more, was expected to go along with the increased defense budget in short order. In other areas, Congressional action last week UNK @ The Senate (by voice UNK and the House (by UNK passed and sent to the White House the compromise farm bill which the President is expected to sign, not too UNK @ The Senate also voted UNK billion to finance the government's health, welfare, and labor activities. Debate on the all-important UNK bill, with its controversial long-range proposals, had just begun on the Senate floor at the weekend. White House legislative UNK were still confident the bill would pass UNK UNK UNK A UNK UNK Most members of the U&S& Senate, because they are human, like to eat as high on the UNK as they can. But, because they are politicians, they like to talk as UNK as the UNK UNK As a result, ever since 1851 when the Senate restaurant opened in the new wing of the Capitol UNK the senators have never ceased to grumble about the UNK even while they opposed every move that might improve it. Over the years, UNK chiefly by disputes about the relative merits of UNK and UNK potatoes, the menu has pursued its drab UNK course. Individual UNK with an eye to the voters back home, occasionally introduced UNK from Michigan, UNK UNK from Maryland, oysters from Washington, UNK from UNK But plain old bean soup, served daily since the turn of the century (at the insistence of the late Sen& Fred UNK of UNK made clear to the citizenry that the Senate's stomach was in the right place. In a daring UNK the Senate ventured forth last week into the world of UNK UNK and hired a UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK of toll-road bonds are finding improvements in monthly reports on operation of the UNK UNK trend of traffic on these roads seems clearly upward. Higher toll rates also are helping boost UNK UNK is a better prospect for a full UNK by bonds that once were regarded as highly UNK Things are looking up these days for many of the State turnpikes on which investors depend for income from their toll-road bonds. traffic on nearly all the turnpikes has been growing. That added traffic means rising streams of UNK and quarters at toll UNK As a result of the new outlook for UNK investors who bought toll-road bonds when these securities ranked as outright speculations are now finding new hope for their UNK Another result is that buyers are tending to bid up the prices of these tax-exempt bonds. Other tax-exempt bonds of State and local governments hit a price peak on February 21, according to Standard + UNK average. On balance, prices of those bonds have slipped a bit since then. However, in the same three-month period, toll-road bonds, as a group, have UNK this trend. On these bonds, price rises since February 21 easily UNK price UNK UNK UNK UNK however, still see an element of UNK risk in the toll-road bonds. You find the evidence of that in the chart on this page. Many of the toll-road bonds still are selling at prices that offer the prospect of an annual yield of 4 per cent, or very close to that. And this is true in the case of some turnpikes on which revenues have risen close to, or beyond, the point at which the roads start to pay all operating costs plus annual interest on the bonds. That 4 per cent yield is well below the return to be had on good corporation bonds. It's not much more, in fact, than the return that is offered on U& S& Treasury bonds. For investors whose income is taxed at high rates, though, a tax-free yield of 4 per cent is high. It is the equivalent of 8 per cent for an UNK UNK with more than UNK of income to be UNK or for a married couple with more than UNK of taxed income. UNK UNK A new report on the earnings records of toll roads in the most recent UNK UNK ending in February or UNK shows what is UNK The report is based on a survey by UNK + Company, investment bankers. Nearly all the turnpikes show gains in net revenues during the period. And there is the bright UNK The gains were achieved in the face of temporary traffic lags late in 1960 and early in 1961 as a result of business UNK Many of the roads also were hit by an unusually severe winter. UNK The long-term trend of turnpike traffic is upward. UNK for example, at the Ohio Turnpike. Traffic on that road UNK sharply in January and February, as compared with those same months in 1960. Then March brought an 18 per cent rise in net UNK after operating costs. As a result, the road's net revenues in the 12 months ending March 31 were UNK per cent of the annual interest payments on the turnpike bonds. That was up from UNK per cent in the preceding 12 months. That same pattern of earnings shows up on the Massachusetts Turnpike. Operating revenues were off in the first three months of 1961, but up for the 12 months ending in March. Costs were held down, despite a bitter winter. For the year, the road earned 133 per cent of its interest costs, against UNK per cent in the preceding period. The road's engineers look for further improvement when the turnpike is extended into Boston. UNK UNK Some turnpikes have not been in full operation long enough to prove what they can do. The UNK Illinois State UNK UNK for example, was not opened over its entire length until December, 1958. In the 12 months ended in February, 1960, the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest UNK with the remainder paid out of initial UNK In the 12 months ended in February, 1961, this highway earned UNK per cent of its interest. That improvement is UNK In the first two months of 1961, earnings of the Illinois highway available for interest payments were up 55 per cent from early 1960. UNK for many UNK has come hard. Traffic frequently has failed to measure up to engineers' rosy UNK In these cases, the turnpike UNK have had to turn to UNK increases, or to costly improvements such as extensions or better connections with other highways. Many rate increases already have been put into effect. Higher UNK are planned for July 1, 1961, on the UNK Va&, UNK and proposals for increased UNK on the Texas Turnpike are under study. UNK UNK Progress is being made, too, in improving UNK access to many UNK The Kansas Turnpike offers an illustration. Net earnings of that road rose from UNK per cent of interest requirements in calendar 1957 to 86 per cent in the 12 months ended Feb& 28, 1961. Further improvements in earnings of the Kansas Turnpike are expected late in 1961, with the opening of a new bypass at UNK and still later when the turnpike gets downtown connections in both Kansas City, UNK and Kansas City, Mo&. Meanwhile, there appears to be enough money in the road's reserve fund to cover the interest deficiency for eight more years. #FOR SOME UNK UNK Investors studying the toll-road bonds for opportunities find that not all roads are nearing their goals. Traffic and revenues on the Chicago UNK have been a great disappointment to planners and investors alike. If nothing is done, the prospect is that that road will be in UNK of interest in 1962. West Virginia toll bonds have UNK in interest for months, and, despite recent improvement in UNK UNK of the bonds are faced with more of the same. UNK however, are UNK The typical picture at this time is one of steady UNK It's going to take time for investors to learn how many of the toll-road bonds will pay out in UNK UNK however, several of the turnpikes are earning enough to cover interest requirements by comfortable UNK Many others are attracting the traffic needed to push revenues up to the UNK point. ## @ A top American official, after a look at Europe's factories, thinks the <U&S& is in a "very serious UNK UNK UNK Secretary Luther UNK accompanied by a member of our staff, on May 10 UNK plants of two of UNK biggest UNK UNK the auto UNK and UNK maker of UNK and calculating machines. Our staff man UNK from UNK as UNK UNK Secretary Hodges through the Fiat plant, and you learn this: UNK UNK UNK much of it supplied under the Marshall UNK enables Fiat to turn out UNK cars a day. About half of these are UNK UNK UNK UNK are a fraction of the U&S& costs. A skilled worker on the assembly line, for example, UNK $37 a week. UNK UNK UNK are UNK Fiat officials say they have had no strikes for more than six years. UNK Secretary UNK UNK a tough combination for the U&S& to UNK UNK had a special UNK for Hodges. UNK took over UNK the U&S& UNK maker, in late 1959. Within a year, without reducing wages, UNK production costs were cut one third, prices were UNK The result has been that exports of UNK products have UNK "The UNK plant near UNK has UNK UNK modern UNK The firm is UNK UNK UNK UNK is trying to get more foreign business to go to the U&S&. The UNK of foreign capital would help the U&S& balance of UNK UNK UNK 'I think we will see more foreign firms coming to the U&S&. There are many places where we can use their vigor and new UNK ## @ UNK UNK has become so severe in certain textiles that Washington is exploring new ways of handling competitive UNK The recently unveiled UNK moves to control the international textile UNK can be significant for American businessmen in many lines. UNK UNK of the Kennedy textile plans are these: UNK international UNK of the big UNK and UNK countries will be called shortly by President Kennedy. UNK aims of the proposed UNK are worth UNK The U&S& will try to get agreement among the industrialized countries to UNK more textile UNK from the UNK countries over the years. UNK UNK that developing countries often build up a textile industry first, need encouragement to get on their feet. If they have trouble UNK international bill for their support will grow larger than it otherwise would. UNK UNK to let these countries earn their way as much as possible. ## @ At the same time, UNK UNK of the conference will be to get certain low-wage countries to control textile UNK especially UNK of specific UNK to UNK UNK countries. UNK since 1957, has been UNK UNK exports of textiles to the U&S&. UNK Kong, India and UNK have been limiting exports of certain types of textiles to Britain for several years under the UNK UNK None of these countries is happy with these arrangements. <The Japanese want to increase exports to the UNK While they have been UNK shipments, they have watched Hong Kong step in and capture an expanding share of the big U&S& market. UNK Kong UNK loudly protest limiting their exports to Britain, while Spanish and Portuguese textiles pour into British market UNK <The Indians and UNK are UNK under similar restrictions on the British market for similar reasons. <The Kennedy UNK is that, at the conference or through UNK talks, the low-wage UNK countries in Asia and Europe will see that UNK practices cause friction all around and may result in import UNK UNK controlled UNK of the world's textile trade is what President Kennedy wants. This may point the way toward international stabilization agreements in other products. UNK an important clue to Washington UNK ## @ UNK too, that the Kennedy textile plan looks toward modernization or UNK of the U&S& textile industry. UNK competitive or get UNK In veiled terms, that's what the Kennedy Administration is saying to the American textile industry. <The Government will UNK in UNK companies and workers into new lines, where modernization doesn't seem feasible. UNK UNK on new textile machinery may be allowed. UNK UNK will look into new products and methods. UNK UNK aren't ruled UNK where the national interest is involved. But the Kennedy Administration UNK UNK import UNK Rather, they are impressed with the British Government's success in UNK and UNK the British textile industry to shrink and to change over to other products. What's happening in textiles can be UNK on the UNK for other lines having difficulty competing with imports from low-wage countries. ## @ Among the UNK workers in the world are U&S& coal UNK Yet U&S& coal is cheap enough to make foreign UNK mouths water. UNK Company of UNK a British UNK wants to bring in Virginia UNK cut down on its UNK of Welsh coal in order to be able to compete more UNK especially in foreign markets. UNK UNK delivered by ship in UNK will be about UNK a ton cheaper than Welsh coal delivered by rail from nearby mines. <U&S& coal is UNK despite high wages, because of widespread mechanization of mines, wide coal UNK UNK rates on ocean UNK Many of the coal seams in the UNK British mines are UNK narrow and very deep. UNK of U&S& UNK is twice that of the UNK UNK coal UNK UNK are up in arms at the suggestion that the steel company bring in American UNK They threaten to strike. The British Government will have to decide whether to let U&S& coal in. The British coal industry is UNK has large coal stocks it can't UNK EVERY library UNK or at least those whose taste goes beyond the UNK fiction UNK knows what it is to hear the librarian say UNK "I'm UNK but we don't have that book. There wouldn't be much demand for it, I'm UNK Behind this reply, and its many UNK is the ever-present budget problem all libraries must face, from the largest to the UNK What to buy out of the year's UNK of nearly UNK book UNK What to buy for adult and child readers, for lovers of fiction and UNK for a UNK whose wants are incredibly UNK when your budget is UNK UNK Most library budgets are hopelessly inadequate. A startlingly high percentage do not exceed $500 UNK which includes the UNK salary, and not even the New York Public has enough money to meet its UNK this in the world's richest city. The plight of a small community library is proportionately worse. UNK with this situation, most libraries either endure the severe limitations of their budgets and do what they can with what they have, or else depend on the UNK of patrons and local governments to supplement their annual funds. In some parts of the country, however, a co-operative movement has begun to UNK under the wing of state governments, UNK with the financial help of the state, libraries share their book resources on a UNK or regional basis. New York State has what is probably the most advanced of these co-operative systems, so well developed that it has become a model for others to follow. Because it is so large a state, with marked contrasts in population density, the organization of the New York co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works. At one extreme are the systems of upper New York State, where libraries in two or more counties combine to serve a large, UNK populated area. At the other are organizations like the newly formed Nassau Library UNK in a UNK area, with ample resources and a rapidly growing territory to UNK Both these types, and those in UNK are in existence by reason of a legislative interest in libraries that began at Albany as early as 1950, with the creation by the legislature of county library systems financed by county governments with matching funds from the state. It was a step in the right direction, but it took an additional act passed in 1958 to establish fully the thriving systems of today. Under this law annual grants are given to systems in substantial UNK An earlier difficulty was overcome by making it clear that individual libraries in any area might join or not, as they saw fit. Some library boards are wary of the plan. A large, UNK library, surrounded in a county by smaller ones, may feel that the demands on its resources are likely to be too great. A small library may cherish its independence and established ways, and resist joining in a cooperative movement that sometimes seems radical to older members of the board. Within a system, however, the autonomy of each member library is UNK The local community maintains responsibility for the financial support of its own library program, facilities, and services, but wider resources and additional services become available through membership in a system. All services are given without cost to members. So obvious are these advantages that nearly 95 per cent of the population of New York State now has access to a system, and enthusiastic librarians UNK the day, not too UNK when all the libraries in the state will belong to a UNK ## TO SET up a co-operative library system, the law requires a central book collection of 100,000 UNK volumes as the nucleus, and the system is organized around it. The collection may be in an existing library, or it may be built up in a central collection. Each system develops differently, according to the area it UNK but the universal goal is to pool the resources of a given area for maximum UNK The basic state grant is thirty cents for each person UNK and there is a further book incentive grant that provides an extra twenty cents up to fifty cents per UNK if a library spends a certain number of dollars. In Nassau County, for example, the heavily settled Long Island suburb of New York City, the system is credited by the state with serving one million persons, a figure that has doubled since 1950. This system, by virtue of its variety and size, offers an inclusive view of the plan in operation. The Nassau system recognizes that its major task it to broaden reference service, what with the constant expansion of education and knowledge, and the pressure of population growth in a metropolitan area. The need is for reference works of a more specialized nature than individual libraries, adequate to satisfy everyday needs, could afford. Nassau is currently building a central collection of reference materials in its UNK headquarters, which will reach its goal of 100,000 volumes by UNK The major part of this collection is in the central headquarters building, and the remainder is divided among five libraries in the system designated as subject centers. Basic reference tools are the backbone of the collection, but there is also specialization in science and technology, an indicated weakness in local libraries. On UNK headquarters also has a file of the <New York Times> from its founding in 1851 to the present day, as well as bound volumes of important periodicals. The entire headquarters collection is available to the patrons of all members on UNK UNK Headquarters gets about 100 requests every day. It is connected by UNK with the State Library in Albany, which will supply any book to a system that the system itself cannot provide. The books are carried around by truck in canvas bags from headquarters to the other libraries. Each subject center library was chosen because of its demonstrated strength in a particular area, which headquarters could then build upon. East UNK has philosophy, UNK and UNK UNK houses social science, pure science, and language; history, UNK and education are centered in UNK UNK has applied science, business, and UNK while UNK is the UNK of art, music, and foreign languages. The reference coordinator at headquarters also serves as a UNK and is available to work with the local librarian in helping to strengthen local reference service. This kind of cooperation is not wholly new, of course. Public libraries in Nassau County have been lending books to each other by mail for a UNK but the system enables this process to operate on an organized and far more comprehensive basis. Local libraries find, too, that the new plan saves tax dollars because books can be bought through the system, and since the system buys in bulk it is able to obtain larger discounts than would be available to an individual library. The system passes on these savings to its members. Further money is saved through economy in bookkeeping and clerical detail as the result of central UNK UNK are not the only resource of the system. Schools and community groups turn to the headquarters film library for UNK art, and experimental films to show at libraries that sponsor local programs, and to organizations in member communities. The most recent film UNK available at each library, lists 110 titles presently in the collection, any of which may be borrowed without charge. This catalogue lists separately films suitable for children, young adults, or adults, although some classics cut across age groups, such as UNK of the UNK "The UNK UNK and "The Red UNK UNK are conducted by the UNK audio-visual consultant for the staffs of member libraries, teaching them the effective use of film as a library service. The system well understands that one of its primary responsibilities is to bring children and books together; consequently an experienced children's librarian at headquarters conducts a guidance program designed to promote UNK library activities, cooperating with the children's librarians in member libraries by means of individual UNK workshops, and frequent visits. Headquarters has also set up a central juvenile UNK and UNK center, to provide better methods of purchasing and selection. Sample copies of new books are on display at headquarters, where librarians may evaluate them by themselves or in workshop groups. Story hours, UNK programs, activities with community agencies, and lists of recommended reading are all in the province of the children's consultant. Headquarters of the Nassau system is an increasingly busy place these days, threatening to expand beyond its UNK In addition to the UNK loan service and the children's program, headquarters has a public relations director who seeks to get wider UNK support for quality library service in the UNK it prepares cooperative displays UNK UNK UNK and other promotional UNK for use in member UNK it maintains a central exhibit collection to share displays already created and used; and it UNK UNK and UNK a monthly UNK which reports the UNK activities to the staffs and trustees of member libraries. The system itself is governed by a board of UNK geographically representing its membership. In UNK as in other systems, the long-range objective is to bring the maximum service of libraries to bear on the schools, and on adult education in general. UNK a patient breed of men and women who have borne much with dedication, can begin to see results today. Library use is multiplying daily, and the bulk of the UNK are those UNK Americans, the UNK To them especially the UNK with the help of UNK hope they will never have to say, "I'm UNK we don't have that book". UNK more than ever before, the survival of our free society depends upon the citizen who is both informed and concerned. The great advances made in recent years in Communist strength and in our own capacity to destroy require an educated citizenry in the Western world. The need for lifetime reading is apparent. Education must not be limited to our youth but must be a continuing process through our entire lives, for it is only through knowledge that we, as a nation, can cope with the dangers that threaten our society. The desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life. We cannot consider ourselves educated if we do not UNK if we are not discriminating in our UNK if we do not know how to use what we do read. We must not permit our society to become a slave to the scientific age, as might well happen without the cultural and spiritual restraint that comes from the development of the human mind through wisdom absorbed from the written word. A fundamental source of knowledge in the world today is the book found in our libraries. Although progress has been made in America's system of libraries it still falls short of what is required if we are to maintain the standards that are needed for an informed America. The problem grows in intensity each year as man's knowledge, and his capacity to translate such knowledge to the written word, continue to UNK The inadequacy of our library system will become critical unless we act vigorously to correct this condition. There are, for example, approximately UNK people in this country with no public library service and about UNK with inadequate service. In college libraries, 57 per cent of the total number of books are owned by UNK of UNK institutions surveyed last year by the U&S& Office of Education. And over UNK per cent of the elementary schools with 150 or more pupils do not have any library at all. ## IN every aspect of service- to the public, to children in schools, to colleges and UNK the library of today is failing to render vitally needed services. Only public understanding and support can provide that service. This is one of the main reasons for National Library UNK April UNK and for its UNK "For a UNK fuller life, UNK UNK UNK UNK MUCH UNK The General Assembly, which UNK today, has performed in an atmosphere of crisis and struggle from the day it UNK It was faced immediately with a showdown on the schools, an issue which was met squarely in conjunction with the governor with a decision not to risk abandoning public education. There followed the historic appropriations and budget fight, in which the General Assembly decided to tackle executive powers. The final decision went to the executive but a way has been opened for strengthening budgeting procedures and to provide legislators information they need. UNK planning of programs and ways to finance them have become UNK if the state in the next few years is to avoid UNK government. This session, for instance, may have insured a financial crisis two years from now. In all the UNK some good legislation was passed. Some other good bills were lost in the shuffle and await future action. Certainly all can UNK passage of an auto title law, the school bills, the increase in teacher UNK the ban on drag racing, acceptance by the state of responsibility for maintenance of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits, repeal of the college age limit law and the road maintenance bond issue. No action has been taken, however, on such major problems as ending the fee system, UNK reform, modification of the county unit system and in outright UNK of fireworks sales. Only a token start was made in attacking the tax UNK question and its companion issue of attracting industry to the state. The legislature expended most of its time on the schools and appropriations questions. Fortunately it spared us from the usual UNK of silly resolutions which in the past have made Georgia look like anything but "the empire state of the UNK We congratulate the entire membership on its record of good legislation. In the interim between now and next year, we trust the House and Senate will put their minds to studying Georgia's very real economic, fiscal and social problems and come up with answers without all the political UNK @ UNK UNK UNK ON THE UNK OF UNK The League of Women UNK 40 now and admitting it proudly, is inviting financial contributions in the UNK of its fund drive. It's a good use of money. These women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated to Thomas Jefferson's UNK that one must cherish the people's spirit but "Keep alive their UNK "If once they become UNK to the public UNK Jefferson said, "you and I, and Congress and assemblies, judges and UNK shall all become UNK UNK and politicians especially are aware of the penetrating attention and expert analysis the league gives to public affairs. The league workers search out the UNK and UNK of the most complex issues and make them available to the public. The harder the choice, the more willing the league is to UNK in. And the league takes a stand, with great UNK on the side of right. @ UNK TO UNK UNK FOR UNK UNK UNK and counties interested in industrial development would do well in the months ahead to keep their eyes peeled toward the 13 northwest Georgia counties that are members of the UNK Valley Area Planning and Development Commission. UNK its own budget of UNK with a $30,000 state grant authorized by Gov& UNK the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia UNK Then a full-time planning office will be established in Rome to work with a UNK Georgia Tech research staff for development of an area planning and industrial development program. The undertaking has abundant promise. It recognizes the fact that what helps one county helps its neighbors and that by UNK together in an UNK effort better results can be accomplished than through the UNK approach. @ UNK UNK UNK UNITED UNK UNK The Rusk belief in balanced defense, replacing the Dulles theory of massive UNK removes a grave danger that has existed. The danger lay not in believing that our own UNK would UNK Russia's use of UNK that theory was and is sound. The danger lay in the American UNK that nuclear UNK was enough. By limiting American strength too much to nuclear strength, this country limited its ability to fight any kind of war besides a nuclear war. This strategy heightened the possibility that we would have a nuclear war. It also weakened our diplomatic UNK because Russia could easily guess we did not desire a nuclear war except in the ultimate UNK This left the Soviets plenty of UNK to start UNK UNK aggressions with considerable UNK By maintaining the nuclear UNK but UNK American military forces to fight conventional wars too, Secretary of State Rusk UNK UNK and nuclear UNK and builds more muscle and greater safety into our military position. @ UNK BUDGET UNK UNK IS ON UNK UNK budget for 1961 is a record one and carries with it the promise of no tax increase to make it balance. It includes a raise in the county minimum UNK creation of several new jobs at the executive level, financing of UNK industrial development efforts, and increased expenditures for essential services such as health and welfare, fire protection, sanitation and road maintenance. That such expansion can be obtained without a raise in taxes is due to growth of the tax UNK and sound fiscal planning on the part of the board of commissioners, headed by Chairman Charles O& UNK who is demonstrating that the public trust he was given was well UNK and other county officials. @ UNK UNK IS UNK TO LOVE UNK G& UNK Williams is learning the difficulties of diplomacy rapidly. UNK Africa, the new U&S& assistant secretary of state observed UNK should be for the UNK and the British promptly denounced him. Then he arrived in UNK and found UNK carrying signs saying "American UNK go home". UNK up, UNK @ UNK UNK UNK UNK WITH UNK UNK in the state's economic future is reflected in the Georgia Power Company's record construction budget for this year. The firm does a large amount of research and its forecasts have meaning. It is good to know that Georgia will continue to have sufficient electrical power not only to meet the demands of normal growth but to encourage a more rapid rate of UNK Georgia's mental health program received a badly needed boost from the General Assembly in the form of a UNK budget increase for the UNK State Hospital. Actually it amounts to UNK above what the institution already is UNK considering the additional UNK dollars Gov& Vandiver allocated last year from the state UNK Either way it sounds like a sizable UNK of money and is. But exactly how far it will go toward improving conditions is another question because there is so much that needs doing. The practice of charging employes for meals whether they eat at the hospital or not should be UNK The work week of attendants who are on duty 65 hours and more per week should be reduced. More UNK nurses and doctors should be UNK UNK deserve more attention than they are UNK Even with the increase in funds for the next fiscal year, Georgia will be spending only around UNK per day per patient. The national average is more than $4 and that figure is considered by experts in the mental health field to be too low. Kansas, regarded as tops in the nation in its treatment of the mentally UNK spends UNK per day per patient. Georgia has made some UNK true. The intensive treatment program is working well. But in so many other areas we still are UNK Considering what is being done compared to what needs to be done, it UNK the hospital management to do some mighty careful planning toward making the best possible use of the increase granted. The boost is helpful but UNK @ #THE UNK OF UNK UNK even of a UNK is repulsive to men of good conscience. UNK UNK the UNK UNK dictator of the Dominican Republic for 31 years, perhaps deserved his fate in an UNK appraisal of history. But whether the murder of El UNK in Ciudad Trujillo means freedom for the people of the Caribbean UNK is a question that cannot now be answered. Trujillo knew a great deal about UNK The responsibility for scores of UNK including the UNK and murder of Jesus Maria UNK a professor at Columbia University in New York, has been laid at his door. He had been involved in countless schemes to do away with democratic leaders in neighboring countries such as President UNK UNK of UNK It was a sort of poetic justice that at the time of his own demise a new plot to overthrow the UNK government, reportedly involving the use of Dominican arms by former UNK Dictator UNK UNK UNK has been uncovered and UNK The recent history of the Dominican Republic is an almost classical study of the way in which even a UNK UNK dictatorship tends to become UNK UNK Trujillo did some good things for his UNK he improved public facilities such as roads and sanitation, attracted industry and investment and raised the standard of living UNK But the price was the silence of the grave for all criticism or opposition. El UNK UNK grew with his personal wealth. The UNK were filled to UNK with political prisoners who had incurred his UNK He maintained amply financed UNK in the United States and elsewhere which UNK chanted his UNK and his influence extended even to Congress. Until the last year or so the profession of friendship with the United States had been an article of faith with UNK and altogether too often this profession was accepted here as evidence of his good character. UNK the Government here came to understand how this country's own reputation was UNK by the association with UNK Last year, after Trujillo had been cited for numerous aggressions in the UNK the United States and many other members of the Organization of American States broke diplomatic relations with him. UNK followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological UNK UNK dictatorship had been along conservative, UNK lines. But after the UNK he and his propaganda started UNK Communist UNK There was considerable evidence of a UNK UNK with Castro in Cuba, previously a UNK UNK to UNK thus UNK the way in which UNK of the right and left UNK What comes after Trujillo is now the UNK The Dominican people have known no democratic institutions and precious little freedom for a generation, and all alternative leadership has been UNK Perhaps the army will be able to maintain UNK but the vacuum of free institutions creates a great danger. The Dominican Republic could turn toward UNK UNK as easily as toward Western freedom. Such a twist would be a tragedy for the Dominican people, who deserve to UNK without fear. For that reason any democratic reform and effort to bring genuine representative government to the Dominican Republic will need the greatest sympathy and help. UNK ON UNK UNK UNK buses on the George Washington Memorial UNK operating between downtown Washington and UNK John, Glen UNK and UNK would constitute an UNK sample of what the new National Capital Transportation Agency can do for this city. In presenting plans for such express buses before the Montgomery County Council, the administrator of the UNK C& UNK UNK was frankly seeking support for the projects his agency will soon be UNK Such support should not be difficult to come by if all the plans to be presented by the UNK are as attractive as this outline of express buses coming into the downtown area. Because the buses would not stop on the UNK land for bus stations and for parking areas nearby will be needed. The UNK is well advised to seek funds for this purpose from the present session of Congress. UNK UNK UNK UNK The inference has been too widely accepted that because the Communists have succeeded in building barricades across Berlin the free world must acquiesce in UNK of that living city. So far as the record is concerned, the Western powers have not UNK and should not do so. Though Walter UNK by grace of Soviet tanks, may be head man in East Germany, that does not give him any right to UNK the government of East Berlin or to absorb that UNK into the Soviet zone. The wartime UNK of September 12, 1944, designated a special UNK UNK area, comprising the entire city, to be under joint occupation. It was not a part of any one of the three (later UNK zones for occupation by UNK American, British, and French troops respectively. After the Berlin blockade and UNK the Council of Foreign Ministers in 1949 declared a purpose "to UNK the effects of the present administrative division of Germany and of UNK For some time the Communists honored the distinction between the Soviet zone of Germany and the Soviet sector of Berlin by UNK separately the laws for the two areas. Then they moved offices of the East German puppet government into East Berlin and began UNK to treat it as the capital of East Germany. That this and the closing of the East UNK Berlin border have not been accepted by the Western governments appears in notes which Britain, France, and the United States sent to Moscow after the latter's gratuitous protest over a visit of Chancellor Adenauer and other West German officials to West Berlin. The Chancellor had as much business there as UNK had in East UNK and was certainly less provocative than the juvenile UNK UNK of UNK UNK The British and other replies to that Moscow note pointed out efforts of the Communist authorities "to integrate East Berlin into East Germany by isolating it from the outside and attempting to make it the capital of East UNK They insisted on the UNK UNK that "the whole of Berlin has a UNK UNK This is far from UNK or recognizing those efforts as an accomplished fact. There remains, of course, the question of what the West can do beyond diplomatic protest to prevent the illegal efforts from becoming accomplished facts. One ground of action certainly exists when UNK of stray shots go over into West Berlin as Communist UNK try to gun down fleeing UNK residents. Another remained when an American Army car was recovered but with a broken UNK The glass may seem trivial but Communist official UNK feeds on such incidents unless they are UNK UNK the UNK fate of UNK and the West German misgivings about UNK tactics, it is to be hoped that the dispatch of General Clay to West Berlin as President Kennedy's representative will mark a stiffening of response not only to future UNK and aggressions but also to some that have passed. UNK NATIONAL UNK Thousands of buffalo UNK they will never be to the man on the UNK grazing like a mobile brown UNK upon the UNK UNK UNK A horizon even and UNK binding the vast UNK dome of sky to earth. That picture of the American prairie is as UNK fixed in the memory of those who have studied the conquest of the American continent as any later UNK image of the West made in UNK UNK near UNK For it was the millions of buffalo and prairie chicken and the endless seas of grass that symbolized for a whole generation of Americans the abundant supply that was to take many of them westward when the Ohio and Mississippi valleys began to UNK The National Park Service now proposes to preserve an area in UNK County, northeast Kansas, as a UNK National UNK There the buffalo would UNK to be seen as a UNK not as UNK UNK UNK UNK stream valleys in the UNK of earth would be saved. Grasslands would UNK UNK UNK unbroken by UNK or UNK as the first settlers saw them. The Park Service makes an impressive UNK and statistical case for creating this new park. American history should UNK the case when Congress is asked to UNK UNK ON THE UNK A Philadelphia UNK is currently UNK the customary prohibition against UNK advertising on ~TV and radio. Starting with small stations not members of the National Association of UNK the firm apparently is seeking to break down the UNK barriers in UNK stations. Probably the best answer to this kind of entering wedge is congressional action requiring the Federal UNK Commission to ban such advertising through its licensing power. The National Association of UNK code specifically bars UNK UNK UNK polls of public opinion show popular favor for this policy. Even the UNK UNK Institute has long had a specific UNK Why, then, with these voluntary barricades and some state laws barring liquor UNK is it necessary to seek congressional UNK Simply because the UNK action of firms that are not members of the UNK UNK Institute and of radio and ~TV stations that are not members of the UNK tends to UNK Soon some members of the two industry groups doubtless will want to UNK their codes on grounds that otherwise they will suffer UNK from the efforts of UNK competitors. Although the false UNK surrounding UNK or other whisky UNK is possibly no more UNK than the UNK with which ~TV UNK are downed or UNK applied, there is a sad difference between UNK a viewer into sipping UNK and UNK him into UNK UNK A law is needed. #NEW UNK UNK UNK UNK Democrats in New York City this year have the opportunity to elect their party's candidates for Mayor and other municipal posts and the men who will run their party organization. In the central UNK that for UNK they may have found some pertinent points in what each faction has said about the other. Mayor Robert F& Wagner must, as his opponents demand, assume responsibility for his performance in office. While all citizens share in blame for UNK municipal ethics the Wagner regime has seen serious problems in the schools, law enforcement and fiscal policies. The Mayor is finding it awkward to campaign against his own record. State Controller Arthur UNK on the other hand, cannot effectively deny that he has chosen to be the candidate of those party leaders who as a rule have shown UNK interest in political power than in the city's welfare. They, too, have links with the city's ills. Both men are known to be honest and UNK Mayor UNK shortcomings have perhaps been more mercilessly exposed than those of Mr& Levitt who left an impression of quiet competence in his more protected state post. As UNK Mr& Levitt might turn out to be more independent than some of his leading supporters would like. His election, on the other hand, would unquestionably strengthen the UNK Mr& Wagner might or might not be a UNK Mayor in this third term, now that he is free of the pressure of those party leaders whom he calls UNK These are, of course, the same people whose support he has only now rejected to seek the independent vote. But his UNK would strengthen the liberal Democrats and the labor unions who back him. If this choice is less exciting than New York Democrats may wish, it nevertheless must be made. The vote still gives citizens a voice in the operation of their government and their party. #LITTLE UNK BIG UNK Both Mr& UNK have so far continued to speak softly and carry big sticks over Laos. President Kennedy, already two quiet demands down, still refused Thursday to be drawn into delivering a public UNK to UNK But at the same time he moved his UNK UNK to within an hour of the fighting. And Secretary Rusk, en route to UNK doubtless is trying to make emergency arrangements for the possible entry of Australian or UNK ~SEATO forces. For Mr& Kennedy, speaking softly and carrying a sizable stick is making the best of a bad situation. The new President is in no position to start out his dealings with Moscow by UNK UNK UNK He must show at the outset that he means exactly what he says. In this case he has put the alternatives clearly to Mr& Khrushchev for the third time. At his press conference Mr& Kennedy said, "All we want in Laos is peace not war **h a truly neutral government not a cold war UNK At the scene he has just as clearly shown his military strength in UNK but ready position. Since Laos is of no more purely military value to Moscow itself than it is to Washington, this approach might be expected to head off Mr& Khrushchev for the moment. But because of the peculiar nature of the military situation in Laos, the Soviet leader must be tempted to let things UNK a course that would appear to cost him little on the spot, but would UNK Washington in a tactical mess. As wars go, Laos is an extremely little one. UNK have been running about a dozen men a day. The hard core of the pro-Communist rebel force numbers only some 2,000 tough Viet UNK guerrilla fighters. But for the United States and its ~SEATO allies to attempt to shore up a less tough, less UNK government army in UNK UNK UNK terrain is a risk not UNK by Pentagon UNK But if anything can bring home to Mr& Khrushchev the idea that he will not really get much enjoyment from watching this UNK UNK it will probably be the fact that ~SEATO forces are ready to attempt it- plus the fact that Moscow has something to lose from closing off disarmament and other bigger negotiations with Washington. Fortunately both the Republicans and America's chief Western allies now are joined behind the neutral Laos aim of the President. Actually it would be more accurate to say that the leader of the alliance now has swung fully behind the British policy of seeking to achieve a neutral Laos via the international bargaining table. It is ironic that Washington is having to struggle so for a concept that for six years it UNK as UNK The State Department UNK rejected the neutral Laos idea after the Geneva conference of 1954, and last year Washington backed the UNK coup that UNK neutral Premier Souvanna UNK But since last fall the United States has been moving toward a UNK position and now is ready to back the British plan for a cease-fire UNK by outside observers and followed by a conference of interested powers. The road to a UNK UNK Laos is today almost as difficult as warfare on that nation's UNK But for the safety of Southeast Asia, and for the sake of the Laotian people- who would not be UNK by either militant minority now engaged in the UNK this last big effort to seal that country from the cold war had to be made. The world awaits Mr& Khrushchev's choice of alternatives. #A UNK FOR UNK UNK The Senate's overwhelming UNK vote to support locally controlled educational ~TV efforts should be UNK in the lower house. Twice previously the Senate has approved measures backing UNK and the House has let them UNK But this year prospects may be better. The House communications subcommittee is expected to report out a good bill calling for the states to match federal funds. This year's Senate measure would provide each state and the District of Columbia with UNK to be used in support of UNK state, or municipal UNK efforts. The funds would be used for equipment, not for land, buildings, or operation. The relatively few communities that have educational stations have found them of considerable value. But, lacking money from commercial UNK the stations have had difficulties meeting expenses or improving their service. Other UNK the ones to be aided most by the Senate UNK have had difficulty starting such stations because of the high initial cost of equipment. #A GOOD MAN UNK UNK MR& UNK Sam Rayburn was a good man, a good American, and, third, a good UNK He was all of these rolled into one sturdy UNK Mr& Speaker, Mr& UNK and Mr& Democrat, at one and the same time. The House was his habitat and there he UNK first as a young representative, then as a forceful committee chairman, and finally in the post for which he seemed intended from birth, Speaker of the House, and second most powerful man in Washington. Mr& Rayburn was not an easy man to classify or to UNK He was no flaming liberal, yet the New UNK the Fair Deal and the New Frontier needed him. He was not a UNK conservative, yet UNK of that persuasion will miss him as much as UNK Two of the vital qualities demanded of a politician by other politicians are that he always keep a confidence and that he keep his word. Sam Rayburn took UNK secrets with him to the grave, for he was never UNK and his word, once given, was not subject to UNK It might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs. The demonstration of his power was never UNK or UNK His leadership was not for audiences. A UNK a UNK was usually enough. When it was not, one of the great dramas of Washington would be presented. He would rise in the well of the House, his chin upon his chest, his hands gripping the side of a desk, and the political and legislative chatter would UNK into silence. He spoke briefly, UNK to the point and without UNK UNK He made good, plain American common sense and the House usually recognized it and acted upon it. These public efforts were rare because Mr& Rayburn normally did his counseling, UNK and educating long before an issue reached its test on the House floor. He expected Democrats to do their duty when it had been patiently pointed out to them. With his long service he had a long memory, an excellent thing in a political leader. UNK was, of course, in the House for a very long time. There are only two men remaining in Congress who, with Rayburn, voted for the declaration of war against Germany in 1917. To almost two generations of Americans it must have seemed as though the existence of Mr& Sam coincided with that of the UNK And it was the House he UNK To be presiding officer of it was the end of his desire and ambition. The Senate to him was not the UNK UNK and he corrected those who said he served UNK the president. He served UNK him. UNK the roll of those with whom he served and who preceded him in death. Woodrow Wilson, with whom he began his years in Washington, Warren G& UNK Calvin Coolidge, UNK with whom he managed a social revolution. And those still with us, Herbert C& Hoover, Harry S& Truman, Dwight D& Eisenhower and John F& Kennedy. He was a fighter for those of his own party. Mr& Truman has only to recall the UNK campaign of 1948 to remember what a loyal partisan he was and the first experience of Mr& Kennedy with Congress would have been UNK than it was had not Mr& Sam been there. As it was, his absence because of his final illness was a blow to the administration. With Republican UNK he fought fair. He was his own man, not an automatic UNK He kept his attacks on UNK for partisan campaigns, but that is part of the game he was born to play. Under any UNK Mr& Speaker, Mr& Democrat, Mr& UNK he was a good man. UNK UNK THE UNK UNK UNK Italian UNK who went to the Congo to serve the cause of peace under the United Nations banner have instead met violent death at the hands of Congolese troops supposedly their friends. In 18 months, no more UNK incident has been reported from that UNK Simply out of UNK their UNK UNK the bodies and tossed the remains into the river. The excuse was offered for them that they had mistaken the Italians for Belgian UNK In other words, UNK by savages wearing the uniform of the central government might be UNK had the victims been serving the cause of UNK Katanga. Does this suggest that the Congo is fit for UNK or that ~UN is making any progress whatever toward its goal of so making it? To the contrary, through the past six weeks violence has been piled upon violence. Mass UNK troop UNK uncontrolled UNK and pillage and reckless military UNK given no sanction by any political authority, have become almost daily UNK Yet this basic condition of UNK and anarchy is not the work of Katanga. It happens in the territory of the UNK government, which is itself a fiction, UNK incapable of UNK and commanding only such limited credit abroad as ~UN support gives it. The main question raised by the incident is how much longer will ~UN bury its head in the sand on the Congo problem instead of facing the bitter fact that it has no solution in present UNK The probable answer is that it will do so just as long as Russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young African nations wake up to the truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on Central Africa. Right now, they are pushing a resolution which would have ~UN use its forces to invade and UNK Katanga. That notion is UNK UNK from several points of view. The ~UN army is too weak, too UNK for the task. Further, it has its work cut out stopping anarchy where it is now UNK UNK it makes no sense to deliver Katanga, the one reasonably solid territory, into the existing chaos. The Congo should have been UNK because it was not ready for independence. The idea was not even suggested because political UNK prevailed over wisdom. It is perhaps too late now to talk of mandate because it is inconsistent with what is termed political realism. But if any realism and feeling for truth remain in the General Assembly, it is time for men of courage to measure the magnitude of the failure and urge some new approach. Otherwise, ~UN will march blindly on to certain defeat. UNK UNK A recent editorial discussing a labor-management agreement reached between the Southern Pacific Co& and the Order of Railroad UNK has been criticized on the grounds that it was not based on complete information. The editorial was based on a news association dispatch which said that the UNK had secured an agreement whereby they were guaranteed 40 UNK pay per week whether they worked or not and that a reduction in their number was limited to 2 per cent per year. Our comment was that this was UNK in its ultimate form and that sympathy for the railroad was UNK since it had entered into such an agreement. The statement was also made that undoubtedly the railroad had received some UNK benefit from the UNK but that it was difficult to imagine what could balance a job for life. Additional information supplied to us UNK that the railroad gained a UNK supply of UNK of which it was in need. Also, normal personal attrition would make the job reduction provision more or less UNK The situation with regard to the Southern Pacific was therefore a special one and not necessarily applicable to other situations in other industries. The solution reached in the agreement was more acceptable to the railroad than that originally included in a series of union demands. UNK FROM A UNK SHELTER# Time was when the house of delegates of the American Bar association leaned to the common sense side. But the UNK have taken over the governing body of the bar, and when the UNK met in St& Louis, it was not to grumble about the humidity but to vote unanimously that the United Nations was scarcely less than wonderful, despite an UNK here and there. It was, the brief writers decided, UNK best hope for a peaceful and law abiding world". UNK it's wonderful, and UNK UNK it's wonderful, too, and shouldn't we get an international covenant extending it into space, before the Russians put some claim UNK on the UNK Meanwhile, in Moscow, Khrushchev was adding his bit to the march of world law by promising to build a bomb with a UNK equal to 100 million tons of UNK to knock sense into the heads of those backward UNK who can't see the justice of surrendering West Berlin to communism. A nuclear UNK of these UNK roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the United States has triggered UNK would certainly produce a bigger UNK and, just for UNK Khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from St& Louis to the moon, where there wouldn't even be any beer to drink. While he was at it, the philosopher of the Kremlin contributed an additional assist to the rule of reason by UNK at those in the west who can't appreciate coexistence thru suicide. UNK he UNK "what do you think you are UNK The only response we can think of is the humble one that at least we aren't playing the UNK with our shoes in the United Nations, but perhaps the heavy domes in the house of delegates can improve on this feeble effort. Another evidence of the spreading rule of reason was provided from Mexico City with the daily UNK of an American plane by a UNK Algerian with a gun. The craft made the familiar UNK flight to Havana, where, for some unknown reason, Castro rushed to the airport to express UNK to the UNK foreign minister, a UNK who is not an UNK of old Ten UNK UNK The plane was sent back to the United States, for a change, but Castro kept the crazy UNK who will prove a suitable recruit to the revolution. Less respect for the legal conventions was displayed by Castro's right hand man, UNK UNK who UNK the Inter-American Economic and Social council meeting in UNK by reading two secret American documents UNK from the United States embassy at UNK UNK The contents were highly embarrassing to American UNK who were on hand to promise Latin Americans a 20 billion dollar foreign aid UNK Perhaps the UNK of world law are not advanced by stealing American diplomatic papers and UNK but the Kennedy administration can always file a UNK to the effect that, but for its own UNK in protecting American interests, these things would not happen. The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April, which, we UNK is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the UNK UNK UNK the iron UNK UNK and light another UNK for it's getting dark down here and we're UNK to read a bit of world law just to pass the time away. #THE CUSTOMER UNK UNK The board of suspension of the Interstate Commerce commission has ordered a group of railroads not to reduce their freight rates on grain, as they had planned to do this month. The request for lower rates originated with the Southern UNK which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a UNK UNK car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the UNK smaller car. By reducing rates as much as 60 per cent, it and its associated railroads hope to win back some of the business they have lost to UNK and barge lines. The board's action shows what free enterprise is up against in our complex maze of regulatory laws. #A UNK UNK FROM UNK UNK OF Dag Hammarskjold's death in an African plane crash has sent a UNK around the globe. As head of the United Nations he was the symbol of world peace, and his tragic end came at a moment when peace hangs UNK It was on the eve of a momentous U&N& session to come to grips with cold war issues. His firm hand will be desperately missed. Mr& Hammarskjold was in Africa on a mission of peace. He had sought talks with Moise Tshombe, the secessionist president of UNK Katanga province where recent fighting had been UNK He earnestly urged a cease-fire. The story of the fatal crash is not fully known. The UNK plane which was flying from the conference city of UNK in Northern UNK had been UNK with UNK bullets last weekend and was newly UNK Whether this, or overt action, was the cause of the crash must be promptly determined. The death of Mr& Hammarskjold removes the United Nations' most controversial leader. He was controversial because he was uncompromising for peace and freedom with justice. He courageously defended the rights of small nations, and he stood his ground against the savage attacks of the Communist bloc. The Congo, in whose cause he died, was the scene of one of his greatest UNK His policies had resolved the conflicts that threatened to UNK the cold war and workable solutions were beginning to take shape. When the recent UNK UNK UNK these solutions Mr& UNK despite the danger, flew to exert a UNK influence. He gave his life for his beliefs. The U&N& session scheduled for today will meet under the cloud of his passing. It is a crucial session with the world on the edge of momentous developments. If the manner of his passing moves the nations to act in the spirit of his dedication the sore issues that plague the world can yet be resolved with reason and justice. That is the hope of mankind. UNK TO UNK UNK UNK on projects of value to the whole community has long been one of Greater Miami's hardest tasks. Too many have UNK down in UNK Even when public bodies arrived at a UNK at least one UNK vote has been usual. So we note UNK a fresh sample of UNK All nine members of the Inter-American Center Authority voted for UNK + Company's proposal to finance the long-awaited trade and cultural center. The widely known financial firm has 60 days to spell out the terms of its contract. If the UNK is accepted, the authority will proceed to UNK a bond issue UNK from revenue. Then UNK will hand over a minimum of UNK million for developing the spacious UNK UNK to house the center. The next step awaits approval today by the UNK commissioners as the members of the UNK County Port UNK They allotted $500,000 three years ago to support Interama until its own financing could be arranged. Less than half the sum has been UNK since the Interama board pinched UNK during that period of UNK negotiations. The balance is being UNK for the coming year. UNK on Interama is not UNK It is one of the rare public ventures here on which nearly everyone is agreed. The City of Miami recently yielded a prior claim of UNK million on the UNK UNK to clear the way for the project. County officials have UNK UNK So have the people's elected spokesmen at the state and federal levels. UNK as it rises, will be a living monument to Greater Miami's ability to get together on worthwhile enterprises. #A UNK REPORT AND A GOOD UNK UNK or lack of it, toward civil rights in the 50 states is reported in an impressive UNK compilation issued last week by the United States Commission on Civil Rights. Much happened in this field during the past 12 months. Each state advisory committee documented its own activity. Some accounts are quite lengthy but UNK is the UNK of all, requiring only four UNK "The established pattern of relative calm in the field of race relations has continued in all UNK reported this group headed by Harold UNK of UNK and including two South UNK William D& UNK and John B& Turner of Miami. "No complaints or charges have been filed during the past year, either verbally or written, from any individual or group. "The committee continues to feel that Florida has progressed in a sound and equitable program at both the state and local levels in its efforts to review and assess transition problems as they arise from time to time in the entire spectrum of civil UNK UNK have arisen in this sensitive field but have been handled in most cases with understanding and restraint. The progress reported by the advisory committee is real. While some think we move too fast and others too slowly, UNK record is a good one and stands out among the UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK will face the crucial tests that lie ahead, on Berlin and UNK with a coalition government. This is the key fact emerging from Sunday's national election. Chancellor UNK Christian Democratic Party slipped only a little in the voting but it was enough to lose the absolute UNK majority it has enjoyed since 1957. In order to form a new government it must deal with one of the two rival parties which gained strength. UNK this means some compromise. The UNK chancellor in all likelihood will be retired. Both Willy UNK Social Democrats, who gained 22 seats in the new UNK and the Free Democrats, who picked up 23, will insist on that before they enter the government. UNK Ludwig UNK the economic expert, probably will UNK to the leadership long denied him. If he becomes UNK Dr& UNK would make few changes. The UNK who fashioned West UNK astonishing industrial UNK is the soul of free enterprise. He is dedicated to building the nation's strength and, as are all West Germans, to a free Berlin and to reunion with captive East Germany. What is in doubt as the free Germans and their allies consider the voting trends is the nature of the coalition that will result. If the party of Adenauer and UNK with 45 per cent of the vote, approaches the party of Willy Brandt, which won 36 per cent, the result would be a stiffening of the old UNK West Berlin's Mayor Brandt vigorously demanded a firmer stand on the UNK of his city and won votes by it. The Free Democrats UNK per cent of the UNK believe a nuclear war can be avoided by negotiating with the Soviet Union, and more dealings with the Communist bloc. The question left by the election is whether West Germany UNK slightly toward more firmness or more flexibility. It could go either way, since the gains for both points of view were about the same. Regardless of the decision two facts are clear. West Germany, with its industrial and military might, reaffirmed its democracy and remains firm with the free nations. And the career of UNK UNK who upheld UNK tradition of UNK leaders which UNK began, draws near the end. UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK are a nation of UNK a quality which our friends find UNK and sometimes UNK But it can be dangerous if the joiner doesn't want to make a spectacle of himself. For instance, so-called UNK organizations, some of them UNK are sprouting in the garden of joining where "liberal" organizations once took UNK One specific example is a secret UNK which will UNK anti-Communist UNK The principle is commendable but we suspect that in the practice somebody is going to get UNK According to The Chicago UNK News Service, State Atty& Gen& Stanley UNK of California has devised a series of questions which the joiner might well ask about any organization seeking his money and his name: _1._ Does it UNK schools and churches with blanket UNK _2._ Does it attack other traditional American institutions with UNK and wild UNK _3._ Does it put the label of UNK or UNK on everyone with whom it UNK UNK _4._ Does it attempt to rewrite modern history by UNK American statesmen for wars, UNK depression, and other troubles of the world? _5._ Does it employ crude pressure tactics with such means as anonymous telephone calls and letter writing UNK _6._ Do its spokesmen seem more interested in the amount of money they collect than in the principles they UNK to UNK In some instances a seventh question can be added: _7._ Does the organization show an affinity for a foreign government, political party or personality in opposition or preference to the American UNK If the would-be joiner asks these questions he is not likely to be UNK by extremists who are seeking to capitalize on the confusions and the patriotic apprehensions of Americans in a troubled time. UNK somewhere in a category between Einstein's theory and sand UNK difficult to see but UNK there, UNK is the tropical green UNK of UNK a string of UNK islands that has almost no residents, limited access and an unlimited future. The latter is what concerns us all. Whatever land you can see here, from the North tip end of Elliott Key looking UNK belongs to UNK people who have title to the land. And what you can't see, the land UNK the water, belongs to someone, too. The public. The only real problem is to devise a plan whereby the owners of the UNK land can develop their property without the public losing its underwater land and the right to its development for public use and enjoyment. In the fairly brief but UNK history of Florida, the UNK of waterfront land have too often wound up with both their land and ours. In this instance, UNK insistence is being made that our share is UNK And until this protection is at least as concrete as, say, the row of hotels that bars us from our own sands at Miami Beach, those who represent us all should agree to nothing. UNK UNK IN UNK UNK The reaction of certain City Council members to California's newest UNK laws was as UNK as it was disappointing. We had assumed that at least this local legislative body had nothing to UNK and, therefore, had no objections to making the deliberations of its committees and the city commissions available to the public. In the UNK to the UNK statutes, collectively known as the Brown Act, the Legislature declares that "the public commissions, boards and councils and other public agencies in this state exist to aid in the conduct of the people's business. It is the intent of the law that their actions be taken openly and that their deliberations be conducted openly. "The people of this state do not yield their sovereignty to the agencies that serve them. The people, in UNK authority, do not give their public servants the right to decide what is good for the people to know and what is not good for them to know. The full implementation of these noble words, however, has taken the efforts of five sessions of the Legislature. Since 1953 California has led the nation in enacting guarantees that public business shall be publicly UNK but not until this year did the lawmakers in UNK plug the remaining UNK in the Brown Act. Despite the lip service paid by local governments, the UNK statutes have been continuously UNK by reservations and UNK When all else UNK it is argued that open sessions slow down governmental operations. We submit that this is a most desirable effect of the UNK and one of its principal aims. Without public scrutiny the deliberations of public agencies would no doubt be conducted more UNK But the citizens would, of course, never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were UNK UNK WHEN NEEDED# @ IF THE Dominican Republic achieves free, democratic government, it will be due in large part to the U&S& show of force that enabled President UNK to prevent a threatened restoration of Trujillo dictatorship. UNK Ciudad Trujillo is calm. None of the Trujillo family remains. Mr& UNK is in control, and opposition leaders have no further excuse to suspect his offer of a coalition government preliminary to free elections in the spring. Had U&S& UNK not appeared off the Dominican coast, there is every possibility that the country would now be UNK by civil war. Ultimately either the UNK would have been returned to power or the conflict would have produced conditions favorable to a UNK by Dominican elements responsive to Castro in Cuba. Within the Organization of American States, there may be some criticism of this unilateral American intervention which was not without risk UNK But there was no complaint from the Dominican crowds which lined Ciudad UNK waterfront shouting, UNK UNK More, the U&S& action was hailed by a principal opposition leader, Dr& Juan UNK as having saved "many lives and many troubles in the near future". Mr& UNK troubles are by no means over. He will need the help of all ~OAS members to UNK finally, the forces of UNK UNK and UNK alike. In cooperating toward that objective, ~OAS might move with the speed and effectiveness demonstrated by the United States. @ UNK OF UNK @ THOSE watching the growing rivalry between craft unions and industrial unions may recognize all the pressures that led to the big labor split in 1935. Now, as then, it is a matter of jobs. UNK unions seek work that industrial unions claim, such as factory maintenance. The issue was sufficiently potent in UNK to spark UNK from the American Federation of Labor of its industrial union members. That breach was healed 20 years later by merger of the American Federation of Labor and the Congress of Industrial UNK Or that's what it looked like at the time. But automation and the increasing complexity of factories has renewed the competition for jobs. Walter UNK leader of the industrial union faction of the ~AFL-~CIO, says another two years of this UNK will be disastrous for all American labor. Whether it could be as disastrous for American labor as, say, Jimmy UNK of the UNK is a matter of UNK But the jurisdictional disputes that result from the UNK rivalry do not win friends for labor. UNK as it is in a battle for world trade as a condition of national survival, this country can have little patience with UNK family UNK The concept of labor as a special class is UNK and in the task confronting America as UNK of the free world, labor must learn to put the national interest first if it is itself to survive. @ UNK @ THE Army, Navy and Air Force, among others, may question Secretary UNK claim that the high estate of United States agriculture is the UNK UNK to the spread of communism. But the secretary insists that the success of the American farmer is the UNK single source of UNK in the struggle to insure freedom around the world. Mr& Freeman said that in many of the countries he visited on a recent world trade trip people were more awed by America's capacity to produce food surpluses than by our industrial UNK or even by the UNK successes in space. This shouldn't surprise the secretary; American taxpayers have been impressed by the surpluses for a long, long time. In fact, over the years, the American farmer's capacity to UNK has cost the taxpayers a large dollar. And thus far, Mr& Freeman has offered very little relief. The 1961 feed grain program, which the secretary UNK has been declared a billion dollar UNK In exchange for higher price supports, UNK pledged reduction in planted UNK But the farmers UNK Washington by UNK the distance between the rows and pouring on the UNK The UNK $1.1 billion added to the deficit in the federal budget. UNK as Mr& Freeman says, American agriculture may stop the Communists, but it is also UNK the American taxpayer. @ UNK UNK AT UNK @ A UNK subcommittee headed by Sen& Jackson of Washington has been going over the State Department and has reached some predictable conclusions. The department needs a clearer UNK of UNK at the top and it needs UNK but better, people, Sen& Jackson says. The subcommittee is not alone in questioning the effectiveness of the department. President Kennedy has indicated his dissatisfaction with its performance. But those who would UNK so complex an organization must, first of all, overcome the resistance of layers of officials UNK to traditional procedures, suspicious of innovation and fearful of mistakes. Nor does Sen& Jackson discuss the delicate situation created by the presence in the White House of a corps of presidential assistants engaged in the study of foreign policy. This tends to create friction and confusion and has not made it easier for Secretary Rusk to restore vigor and initiative among his subordinates. But competent observers believe he is making progress, particularly toward what Sen& Jackson lists as the primary UNK "a clearer understanding of where our vital national interests lie and what we must do to promote them". The Jackson report will provide some of the political support Mr& Rusk will need if he is to get rid of department personnel engaged, as Sen& Jackson puts it, "in work that does not really need UNK Mr& Rusk should also draw comfort from Sen& UNK recommendation that congressional methods of dealing with national security problems be improved. UNK is a rare but needed commodity in Congress. @ UNK UNK @ UNK economic activity is a hazardous undertaking even for the specialist. But now apparently the job of Secretary of Labor requires that he be willing to risk his reputation as a UNK of unemployment UNK James P& Mitchell, when he was the head of the department, promised to eat his hat if unemployment didn't drop below three million a couple of years ago. He lost, but settled for a cake in the shape of a UNK His UNK Secretary Goldberg, also has been guessing wrong on a drop in the unemployment rate which has been holding just under 7 per cent for the last 11 months. No UNK man, Mr& Goldberg says he's merely UNK my neck out again" by predicting the rate will go down this month. He is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its UNK a new record high in personal income, an increase in housing UNK a UNK in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods. Mr& Mitchell had an excuse for UNK the steel strike lasted much longer than he anticipated. Mr& Goldberg has less reason for missing. The economy seems to be sailing along on an even keel and the 1961 hurricane season and auto strikes are at an end so they can't be blamed in November. The odds thus appear favorable that the secretary's neck may be spared. @ #LITTLE UNK @ UNK chief of state, who has been accused of UNK Communist UNK and otherwise making life miserable for neighboring South Viet Nam and UNK insists he would be very unhappy if communism established its power in Southeast UNK But so convinced of UNK inevitable triumph is Prince UNK that he is ready to throw in the UNK "I have to see the UNK is the way the UNK puts it. And from that point of vantage he UNK another two years of grace to nations maintaining a pro-Western UNK Prince UNK powers of UNK some day may be confirmed but history is not likely to praise the courage of his convictions. UNK UNK @ UNK Secretary Hodges seems to have been cast in the role of UNK for official Washington's economic UNK UNK ago he saw a business upturn in the second quarter of this year while his colleagues in the Cabinet were shaking their heads in UNK Recently Treasury Secretary Dillon and Labor Secretary Goldberg fell into line with Mr& UNK UNK though there has been some reluctance to do so at the White House. And now Mr& Hodges has pioneered further into the economic unknown with the announcement that he thinks business has stopped sliding and that it should start going upward from this point. He is the first top administration officer to see the bottom of the UNK The secretary based his assessment on the upturn in retail sales. UNK volume was 1 per cent above UNK for the first pickup since last October, although it's still 1.5 per cent off from February 1960. UNK Mr& UNK figures was the Federal Reserve UNK report of the large sales increase in the nation's department stores for the week ending March 4. In Newark, for example, this gain was put at 26 per cent above the UNK level. Of course, some of the credit for the sale boost must be given to improvement in the weather and to the fact that Easter comes more than two weeks earlier than in 1960. Another optimistic sign, this one from the Labor Department, was the report that the long rise in unemployment compensation payments "was interrupted for the first time in the week ending Feb& UNK UNK claims for UNK benefits were said to have dropped by UNK in the week ending March 4. Mr& Hodges is so hopeful over the outlook that he doesn't think there will be any need of a cut in income taxes. Well, we can't have everything. UNK for the whole nation is certainly preferred to a tax cut. @ UNK NEW UNK UNK @ NEW UNK folk need not be told of the UNK march to the sea, for in a single generation he has UNK and populated miles of our UNK and presses on to develop the few open spaces that remain. Now the Stone Harbor bird UNK 31 acres of magic attraction for exotic UNK is UNK but the UNK extends far beyond our state. Against the dramatic fight being waged for preservation of 30 miles of Cape Cod UNK the tiny tract at Stone Harbor may seem UNK But Interior Secretary Udall warns that there is a race on between those who would develop our few surviving open UNK and those who would save them for the enjoyment of all as public preserves. The move for establishment of a national seashore park on 30,000 acres of Cape UNK from UNK to UNK is strengthened by President Kennedy's interest in that area. But preservation of the natural beauty of the Cape is of more than regional concern, for the automobile age has made it the recreation spot of people from all over the country. By comparison, Stone Harbor bird UNK allies seem less UNK for aside from the Audubon Society, they are mostly the UNK common and cattle UNK and the Louisiana, green, little blue and UNK UNK who nest and feed there. But there is hope, for Conservation Commissioner UNK has tagged the sanctuary as the kind of place the state hopes to include in its program to double its park space. The UNK of preserving such places as the Cape UNK and Stone Harbor sanctuary becomes more apparent every year. Public sentiment for UNK our rich natural heritage is growing. But that heritage is UNK even UNK @ #NO UNK @ MUCH of the glamor President Kennedy's Peace Corps may have held for some prospective applicants has been removed by Sargent Shriver, the head UNK UNK who is expecting a UNK should, according to Mr& Shriver, get off the train right now. First of all, the recruits will have to undergo arduous UNK It will be a UNK training day. Then off to a remote place in an underdeveloped country where the diet, culture, language and living conditions will be different. And the pay, of course, will be UNK Despite all this, the idea apparently has captured the imagination of countless youths whose parents are probably more surprised by the response than anybody else. The study of the St& Louis UNK economic prospects prepared for the Construction Industry Joint Conference confirms and reinforces both the findings of the Metropolitan St& Louis Survey of 1957 and the easily observed picture of the UNK UNK St& Louis sits in the center of a relatively UNK and in some places stagnant UNK region. UNK regional demand for St& Louis goods and services reflects the region's relative lack of purchasing power. Not all St& Louis industries, of course, have a market area confined to the immediate neighborhood. But for those which do, the slow growth of the area has a UNK effect on the metropolitan core. The city has a stake in stimulating growth and purchasing power throughout UNK Missouri and Southern UNK Gov& UNK new Commerce and Industry Commission is moving to create a UNK regional group in a collective effort to attract new industry. That is one approach. Another would be to take the advice of Dr& UNK Ellis, president of the University of Missouri, and provide for an impartial professional analysis of Missouri's economy. He says the state, in order to proceed with economic development, must develop an understanding of how the various parts of its economy fit together and UNK into the national economy. @ The research center of the University's School of Business and Public Administration is prepared to undertake the analysis Dr& Ellis has been talking about. He and Dean John W& UNK of the Business School outlined the project at a recent conference. The University can make a valuable contribution to the state's economic development through such a study. In Southern Illinois, the new federal program of help to economically depressed areas ought to provide some stimulus to growth. The UNK Industrial Development Corp& has obtained a $500,000 loan to help UNK the cost of UNK a UNK factory to accommodate production that will provide 500 new jobs. UNK is in the UNK UNK labor market, where unemployment has been substantially higher than the national average. The Federal program eventually should have a favorable impact on Missouri's depressed areas, and in the long run that will benefit St& Louis as well. @ UNK St& UNK county in Illinois presents another piece of the problem of metropolitan development. More industrial acreage lies vacant in St& UNK county than in any other jurisdiction in the St& Louis area. The unstable political situation there represents one reason new plants shy away from the East UNK And then there is St& Louis county, where the Democratic leadership has shown little appreciation of the need for sound UNK of the important relationship between proper land use and economic growth. St& Louis county under its present leadership also has largely closed its eyes to the need for governmental reform, and permitted parochial interests to take priority over UNK interests. Some UNK specialists take these signs to mean St& Louis county doesn't want industry, and so they avoid the area, and more jobs are lost. Metropolitan St& UNK relatively slow rate of growth ought to be a priority concern of the political, business, civic and other leaders on both sides of the Mississippi. Without a great acceleration in the metropolitan UNK economy, there will not be sufficient jobs for the growing numbers of UNK and St& Louis will slip into UNK status. #AN UNK OF UNK Many of our very best friends are UNK Still we must confess that sometimes some of them go too far. UNK for example, the UNK among New York UNK Democrats. Having whipped Mr& De UNK in the UNK and thus come into control of Tammany Hall, they have changed the name to UNK Hall. Even though headquarters actually have been moved into the UNK building, do they believe that they can make the new name UNK UNK that the Tammany name and the Tammany tiger often were regarded as UNK of political shame, the UNK of the Hall also have a few good marks to their credit. But it is tradition rather than the record which UNK at the UNK of the Tammany name. After all, it goes back to the days in which UNK was not UNK the days in which the Sons of St& Tammany conspired to overthrow the government by force and UNK the British government that is. Further, do our UNK friends really believe that the UNK will consent to the UNK of the tiger from their UNK They will- when they give up the UNK and the UNK Instead of attempting the impossible, why not a publicity campaign to prove that all the UNK stripes are not UNK That might go over. #THE UNK CASE# The White House itself has taken steps to remove a former Batista official, Col& UNK UNK from his preposterous position as UNK of Cuban refugees for the Immigration Service. The Faget appointment was preposterous on several grounds. The Kennedy Administration had assured UNK Cubans that it would have nothing to do with associates of Dictator UNK Using a Batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose Castro. Moreover, Col& UNK information on Cuba was too UNK to be useful in UNK Castro UNK the Colonel fled to the friendly haven of the Dominican dictatorship as soon as Castro seized power. And while he had headed Batista's anti-Communist section, the Batista regime did not disturb the Communists so much as more open opponents who were alleged to be Communists. UNK for the Faget appointment rests with Gen& J& M& swing, an Eisenhower UNK as head of the Immigration Service. Gen& UNK has received public attention before this for abuse of some of the UNK of his office. His official term expired last summer. Some reports say he was rescued from timely retirement by his friend, Congressman Walter of Pennsylvania, at a moment when the Kennedy Administration was UNK searching for all the House votes it could UNK Congressman Walter has been UNK in UNK matters, but he has announced plans to retire in 1962. At that point the Administration will have little reason to hang onto Gen& UNK The Faget case was the kind of salvage job the Administration should not have to repeat. UNK UNK UNK As President, Dwight D& Eisenhower often assumed a role UNK from the strife of partisan politics. As a former President, however, Mr& Eisenhower abandoned this role to engage in partisan UNK during a New York Republican UNK and generally missed his target. Mr& Eisenhower seized upon the incident of the postcard lost by a Peace Corps girl in UNK to attack the entire Corps as a UNK UNK and to suggest sending a Corps member to the moon. This was juvenile UNK Nowhere did the speaker recognize the serious purpose of the Corps or its welcome reception abroad. His words were the more UNK to come from a man who lent his name to the Eisenhower Exchange UNK dedicated to the same goal of international understanding. The former President UNK ignored recent history in speaking of UNK dollars under Kennedy Administration fiscal policies. It was the Eisenhower Administration which produced the largest peacetime UNK Finally, Mr& Eisenhower found nothing but confusion in Washington. This statement recalls the 1959 Berlin crisis, when President Eisenhower first told reporters that Berlin could not be defended with conventional weapons and then added that a nuclear defense was out of the picture too. The crisis has been renewed since then but the confusion has hardly been compounded. UNK relieved of accountability for policy, sometimes seem to feel free of accountability for their words. Some of former President Truman's UNK UNK have been in that UNK Nobody can deny the right of former Chief UNK to take part in politics, but the American people expect them always to remember the obligations of national leadership and to treat issues with a sense of responsibility. This is a matter of respect for the UNK Mr& Eisenhower's New York speech does not encourage respect for that or for his elder UNK UNK OF THE UNK The Queen Mary has long been a symbol of speed, UNK and UNK British service on the high seas. Reports that the venerable UNK which has been in service since UNK was to be retired struck a nostalgic note in many of us. But the Cunard line, influenced by unpleasant economic facts and not UNK has decided to keep the Queen Mary in service until next Spring at UNK A new queen, with the UNK title of UNK had been planned for several years to replace the Queen Mary. The British government, concerned about the threat of unemployment in the UNK industry, had put through a bill to give Cunard loans and grants totaling UNK toward the UNK cost of a new UNK passenger UNK Since 1957, more and more UNK passengers have been crossing by air. UNK class UNK and charter flights have attracted almost all new passengers to the UNK Competition from other UNK lines has cut UNK share of sea passengers from one-third to one-fourth and this year the line showed a marked drop of profits on the Atlantic run. The Cunard line has under consideration replacing the Queen Mary with a ship smaller than 75,000 tons. This would be cheaper to operate and could be used for UNK during the lean winter months. Also under consideration is an increased investment in Cunard UNK UNK which has applied to serve New York. The decline of the Cunard line from its position of dominance in Atlantic travel is a significant development in the history of transportation. UNK TO UNK UNK Gen& Maxwell UNK statement in UNK that he is "very much UNK about the chances of the pro-Western government of Viet Nam turning back Communist guerrilla attacks comes close to an announcement that he will not recommend UNK United States troops to UNK the Vietnamese Army. Gen& Taylor will report to President Kennedy in a few days on the results of his visit to South Viet Nam and, judging from some of his remarks to reporters in the Far East, he is likely to urge a more efficient UNK of Vietnamese military, economic, political and other resources. There was good reason for Gen& Taylor to make an inspection trip at this time. Communist UNK recently have been reported increasing their activities and the great flood of the Mekong River has UNK a new crisis. South Viet UNK rice surplus for next year- more than 300,000 UNK may have been destroyed. The Viet UNK the Communist UNK may have lost their stored grain and arms factories. The rebels may try to seize what is left of the October harvest when the UNK UNK and the monsoon ends in November. Nothing that is likely to happen, however, should prompt the sending of United States soldiers for other than instructional UNK The UNK struggle was a war to stay out of in 1954, when Gen& UNK estimated it would take a minimum of 10 to 15 divisions at the outset to win a war the French were UNK It is a war to stay out of today, especially in view of the fact that President UNK UNK UNK apparently does not want United States troops. He may want additional technical help, and this should be UNK South Viet Nam has received UNK in United States aid since 1954 and the rate of assistance has been stepped up since Vice President Lyndon B& Johnson's visit last May. Gen& Taylor, the President's special military adviser, is a UNK officer who is not likely to UNK to propaganda or pressure. It is probable that his recommendations will be informed and UNK and that they will not lead to involving the United States in an Asian UNK Gov& John M& UNK himself a lawyer and a man of long service in government, spoke with rich background and experience when he said in an address here that lawyers ought to quit sitting in the Missouri General Assembly, or quit accepting fees from individuals and corporations who have controversies with or axes to UNK with the government and who are UNK not because of their legal talents, but because of their government influence. #THE U& UNK UNK UNK Ambassador Stevenson yesterday described the U& UNK problem of UNK a temporary successor to the late Dag Hammarskjold as "the UNK crisis the institution has UNK Of course it is. If the decision goes wrong, it may be- as Mr& Stevenson UNK "the first step on the UNK path UNK to a U& N& without operational responsibilities and without effective meaning. The integrity of the office not merely requires that the Secretary General shall be, as the Charter puts it, "the chief administrative officer of the UNK but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority UNK to the UNK In other words, the Secretary General is to be a UNK international servant, not a political, national one. He should be, as Dag Hammarskjold certainly was, a citizen of the world. The Charter does UNK that UNK UNK shall be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on "as wide a geographical basis as possible". The United States and its allies have had no objection to this. What they have objected to is the attempt of the Russians to make use of the tragedy of Dag Hammarskjold's death to turn the entire U& N& staff from the Secretary down into political agents of the respective countries from which they come. The controversy now UNK mainly around the number and geographic origin of the deputies of the Secretary General and, more particularly, around the nature of his relationship with them. Although the United States and the U& S& S& R& have been arguing whether there shall be four, five or six top assistants, the most important element in the situation is not the number of deputies but the manner in which these deputies are to do their work. If any one of them has any power to veto the Secretary UNK decisions the nature of the organization will have changed. If they give him advice when he asks it, or if they perform specified duties under his direction, the nature of the U& N& will not of necessity change. The Secretary General must have, subject to the constitutional direction of the Security Council and the General Assembly, the power to act, to propose action and to organize action without being UNK by advisers and assistants acting on someone else's instructions. This is the root issue for which the United States should stand. We should not become confused or let our public become confused over irrelevant questions of number or even of UNK What we must have, if the United Nations is to survive, is as UNK UNK an organization at the top as human beings can make it, subject to no single nation's direction and subservient to no single nation's ambition. #WHAT THE NEW UNK UNK The new City Charter, which should get a Yes vote as Question No& 1 on Nov& 7, would not make a good Mayor out of a bad one. There is no such magic in man-made laws. But it would greatly strengthen any Mayor's executive powers, remove the excuse in large degree that he is a captive of UNK in the Board of UNK increase his UNK authority both as to expense and capital UNK and vest in him the right to UNK city departments in the interest of efficiency and economy. UNK power is removed from the Board of Estimate and made a partnership responsibility of the City Council and the UNK Thus there is a clearer division of authority, administrative and UNK The board is diminished in both respects, while it retains control over UNK UNK UNK UNK sale, UNK and assignment of property, and other UNK functions. The board will be able to increase, UNK add or eliminate budget items, subject to the Mayor's UNK but the City Council will now share fully this UNK power. UNK of UNK veto on budget changes will require concurrence by board and Council, and a two-thirds vote. The Controller retains his essential UNK UNK UNK his broad but little used investigative powers are UNK He loses UNK tax collection duties, which go to the Finance Department. On net balance, in spite of Controller UNK opposition to the new Charter as an invasion of his office, the Controller will have the opportunity for greater usefulness to good government than he has now. UNK UNK while retaining membership in the Board of UNK lose their housekeeping functions. UNK go to a new Department of UNK sewers to the Department of Public UNK such street cleaning as UNK Presidents now do (in UNK and UNK to the Sanitation Department. Some fiscal changes are important. The expense UNK budget is to be a program budget, and red tape is cut to allow greater autonomy (with the Mayor UNK in fund transfers within a department. The capital budget, for construction of permanent UNK becomes an UNK document instead of just a calendar of pious UNK but, as a UNK UNK each new project must undergo a Board of Estimate public hearing before construction UNK A road block to desirable local or UNK UNK heretofore dependent on the UNK vote of taxpayers and hence a drag on progress, is removed by making these a charge against the whole city instead of an assessment paid by those immediately affected. This will have a beneficial effect by UNK public business; it will also correct some UNK UNK of the City Council and a new method of selecting members will be discussed tomorrow. UNK UNK The UNK Press Association, which blankets the Western UNK from northern Canada to Cape Horn, is meeting in New York City this week for the first time in eleven years. The I& A& P& A& is a reflection of the problems and hopes of the UNK and in these days this inevitably means a concentration on the effects of the Cuban revolution. As the press in Cuba was gradually UNK by the Castro regime, more and more Cuban UNK editors and correspondents were forced into UNK The I& A& P& A& found itself driven from journalism into politics as it did its best to bring about the downfall of the Castro Government and the return of the Cuban press to the freedom it knew before Batista's dictatorship began in 1952. Freedom of the press was lost in Cuba because of decades of corruption and social UNK In such conditions all freedoms are lost. This, in more diplomatic language, is what Adlai Stevenson told the newspaper men of Latin America yesterday on behalf of the United States Government. He felt able to end on a note of hope. He sees evidence of fair winds for the ten-year UNK for Progress plan with its emphasis on social UNK No group can contribute more to the success of the program than the editors and publishers of the Inter-American Press Association. UNK IN UNK The Twenty-second Soviet Communist Party Congress opens in Moscow today in a situation contrasting sharply with the script prepared many months ago when this meeting was first announced. According to the original program, Premier Khrushchev expected the millions looking toward the Kremlin this morning to be filled with admiration or UNK depending upon individual or national UNK because of the UNK program for building communism in our UNK which the Congress will UNK But far from being concerned about whether or not Russia will have achieved UNK by UNK the world is watching Moscow today primarily for clues as to whether or not there will be nuclear UNK in the immediate future. The evident contradiction between the rosy picture of Russia's progress painted by the Communist party's program and the enormous dangers for all humanity posed by Premier Khrushchev's Berlin policy has already led to UNK abroad that the program may be severely UNK Whether it is or not, the propaganda impact on the free world of the document scheduled to be adopted at this meeting will be far less than had been originally anticipated. And there must be many Soviet citizens who know what is going on and who realize that before they can hope to enjoy the full life promised for UNK they and their children must first survive. This Congress will see Premier Khrushchev UNK his power and laying the groundwork for an orderly succession should death or illness remove him from the scene in the next few years. The widespread UNK that has taken place the past twelve months or so among Communist leaders in the provinces gives assurance that the party officials who will dominate the Congress, and the Central Committee it will UNK will all have passed the UNK possible Khrushchev UNK both for loyalty to him and for competence and performance on the job. UNK UNK UNK TO UNK Dr& James B& Conant has earned a nationwide reputation as a moderate and UNK school UNK His earlier reports considered the American public schools basically sound and not in need of drastic change. Now, a close look at the schools in and around the ten largest cities, including New York, has shattered this UNK Dr& Conant has come away shocked and angry. His new book, entitled UNK and UNK calls for fast and drastic action to UNK disaster. There is room for disagreement concerning some of Dr& UNK specific views. His strong opposition to the transfer of Negro children to schools outside their own neighborhood, in the interest of integration, will be attacked by Negro leaders who have fought for, and achieved, this open or permissive UNK Dr& Conant may UNK the psychological importance of even token UNK His suggestion that the prestige colleges be made the training institutions for medical, law and graduate schools will run into strong opposition from these colleges UNK even though what he is recommending is already taking shape as a trend. But these are side issues to a powerful central theme. That theme cuts through UNK UNK and UNK It labels the UNK especially the Negro UNK as UNK streets for hundreds of thousands of youngsters. The UNK of the piece are those who deny job opportunities to these UNK and Dr& Conant UNK employers and labor unions alike. The facts, he UNK are hidden from public view by UNK objections to calling bad conditions by their right name and by insistence on token integration rather than on real improvement of the schools, regardless of the color of their students. A call for action UNK it is too UNK has UNK implications when it comes from a man who, in his previous reports on the schools, cautioned so strongly against extreme measures. These warnings must not be treated UNK Dr& UNK conscientious, UNK efforts deserve the nation's UNK He has served in positions of greater UNK both at home and UNK but he may well be doing his greatest service with his straightforward report on the state of the public schools. UNK UNK MORE UNK UNK A fascinating letter has just reached this desk from a correspondent who likes to receive so-called junk mail. He was delighted to learn that the Post Office Department is now going to expand this service to deliver mail from Representatives in Congress to their constituents without the use of UNK names, addresses or even zone numbers. In accordance with legislation passed at the last session of Congress, each Representative is authorized to deliver to the Post Office in bulk UNK speeches and other literature to be dropped in every letter box in his district. This means an added burden to innumerable UNK who already are UNK of heavy loads and low pay, and it presumably means an increased postal UNK but, our correspondent writes, think of the additional junk mail each citizen will now be privileged to receive on a regular basis. @ UNK UNK DO NOT UNK UNK Letter writing is a dying art. Occasional letters are sent by individuals to one another and many are written by companies to one another, but these are mostly UNK Most mail these days consists of nothing that could truly be called a letter. UNK tired, trembling the woman came to the UNK She had, she said, heard that the plant was UNK It couldn't close, she said. She had raised a UNK grown it UNK She had, with her own UNK hands, put seeds in the ground, watched them UNK UNK UNK and get ready to bear. She was ready to kill the beef, dress it out, and with vegetables from her garden was going to can soup, UNK UNK and UNK against the winter. She had done it last year, and the year before, and the year before that, and she, and her people were dependent upon these cans for food. This did not happen in counties of North Georgia, where the rivers run and make rich the bottom land. Nor in South Georgia, where the summer sun shines warmly and gives early life to the things growing in the flat fields. This happened in UNK DeKalb County, not 10 miles from the heart of UNK Atlanta. And now, the woman, tired and trembling, came here to the DeKalb County UNK "Is it so the cannery is going to UNK O& N& Moss, 61, tall, grey as a UNK canning plant chief since 1946, didn't know what to say. He did say she could get her beef and vegetables in cans this summer. He did say he was out of UNK the No& UNK but "I UNK UNK He said he had No& UNK enough to last two weeks more. UNK of closing the cannery is a recent one. A three-man committee has recommended to Commission Chairman Charles O& UNK that the DeKalb County cannery be closed. UNK the cannery loses $3,000 UNK But DeKalb citizens, those who use the facilities of the UNK say the cannery is not supposed to make any money. "The UNK said Mrs& UNK UNK an active UNK of the cannery since its opening during the war and rationing years of 1941, to handle the UNK UNK UNK "is a service to the taxpayer. And one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat, to plant, grow vegetables and put them up. It helps those people who help themselves. "The county, though, seems more interested in those people who don't even UNK those who sit and draw welfare checks and line up for surplus UNK A driver of a dairy UNK who begins work at 1 a&m& UNK before breakfast, then goes out and grows a garden, and who has used the cannery to save and feed a family of five, asked, "What in the world will we do"? "What in the world", echoed others, those come with the beans, potatoes, the UNK "will any of us do"? Moss, a man who knows how much the cannery helps the county, doesn't believe it will close. But he is in the UNK an UNK of UNK but on the side of the people. The young married people; the old UNK The dairy truck UNK the old woman with the UNK "Don't ask me if I think the cannery UNK he said. UNK I know the cannery UNK Most of us would be willing to admit that forgiveness comes hard. When a person has UNK or deliberately caused us pain or hardship it is not always easy to say, "Just forget it". There is one thing I UNK a person will never have spiritual UNK and inner peace as long as the heart holds a UNK I know a man who held resentment against a neighbor for more than three decades. Several years ago I was his pastor. One night, at the close of the evening service, he came forward, left his resentment at the altar and gave his heart to God. After almost everyone had gone he told me the simple story of how one of his neighbors had moved a fence a few feet over on his land. "We tried to settle this UNK he said, "but could never come to an agreement. I settled it UNK he continued. "I leave this church with a feeling that a great weight has been lifted off my heart, I have left my UNK at the altar and UNK my UNK UNK is the door through which a person must pass to enter the Kingdom of God. You cannot wear the banner of God and at the same time harbor UNK UNK and UNK in your heart. Henry van UNK said, UNK and forget if you UNK but forgive UNK Jesus made three things clear about forgiveness. We must, first of all, be willing to forgive others before we can secure God's forgiveness. "For if ye forgive men their UNK your heavenly Father will also forgive UNK but if ye forgive not men their UNK neither will your Father forgive your UNK Matthew UNK It will do no good to seek God's forgiveness until we have UNK those who have done us wrong. Then, Jesus indicated that God's forgiveness is UNK In the prayer Jesus taught his disciples to pray we find these words, UNK us our UNK When a person meets God's requirements for the experience of forgiveness he is UNK God's mercy and patience will last forever. UNK implies more than a person wanting his past sins covered by God's love. It also implies that a man wants his future to be free from the mistakes of the past. We want the past UNK but at the same time we must be willing for God to direct the future. Finally, we must be willing to forgive others as many times as they sin against us. Once Peter asked, "How UNK shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? UNK seven times? Jesus saith unto him, until seventy times UNK Matthew UNK Jesus not only taught forgiveness, He gave us an example of it on the cross. With all the energy of his broken body he UNK UNK forgive them, for they know not what they do". UNK UNK She's been in and out of my house for a dozen years now, although UNK still a UNK who looks like a baby, she is getting UNK Her mother, now dead, was my good friend and when she came to tell us about her plans and to show off her ring I had a UNK wish to say something meaningful to her, something her mother would wish said. For a while there was such shrill girlish UNK I couldn't have made myself heard if I'd had the equivalent of the message to UNK But when some of the UNK had UNK and she had been through one of those sessions that are so indispensable to the young UNK six girls sprawled on one bed, drinking UNK and UNK she came back to the kitchen to talk with me a UNK "How do you know you love somebody enough to get UNK she asked. It was the oldest and UNK question young lovers have ever asked: How can you be UNK UNK you UNK I asked, looking at her UNK I wanted to grab her by the arm and beg her to wait, to consider, to know for certain because life is so long and marriage is so important. But if she were just having a normal case of UNK UNK such a question might UNK her out of a really good marriage. Besides, in all UNK I don't know how you can be sure. I don't know any secret recipe for certainty. In the UNK UNK UNK state of being in love the usual UNK that guide you to lasting and satisfying relationships are sometimes UNK I knew of but one test and I threw it out to her for what it was worth. "Does he ever bore you"? I asked. UNK me"? she was shocked. Oh, UNK Why, he's so darling and **h" "I UNK I went on UNK "when he's not talking about you or himself or the wonders of love, is he UNK Does he care about things that matter to you? Can you UNK being stranded with him on a desert island for years and years and still find him UNK UNK honey, I thought UNK there are plenty of desert islands in every UNK long periods when you're hopelessly UNK together. And if you bore each other then, heaven help you. She came back the other day to UNK me. She has studied and observed and she is convinced that her young man is going to be endlessly UNK She asked if I had other advice and, UNK with success, I rushed it in, I hope not too late. Be friends with your UNK UNK cartoons and UNK to the contrary, UNK make good friends. I do not know Dr& Wilson UNK well. But I was deeply moved by his letter of resignation as rector of St& UNK Church in Atlanta. It was the cry of not just one heart; it spoke for many in the clergy, I suspect. The pulpit is a lonely place. Who stops to think of that? Imagine the searching and the prayer that lay behind the letter the rector wrote after almost a decade of service to this majestic church. "Such a church needs vigor and vitality in its rector and one man has only so much of these UNK he told his members. A minister should not stay UNK the time that his leadership should UNK his church, he wrote, "**h for he becomes ordinary **h". @ ## And so the young minister UNK to go and study and UNK having never passed a day, he told his UNK when "I did not gain from you far more than I ever gave to you". His very honest act called up the recent talk I had with another minister, a modest UNK who said: "I feel so deeply blessed by God when I can give a message of love and comfort to other men, and I would have it no other way: and it is unworthy to think of self. But oh, how I do sometimes need just a moment of rest, and peace, in myself". A man who gives himself to God and to the believers of his church takes upon himself a life of UNK He does not expect to get great UNK or he would not have chosen to answer the call to UNK The good ones are not motivated to seek UNK nor are they disposed to UNK comfort, or they would have been led to fields that offer comfort and feed UNK UNK is a UNK life by earthly standards. ## Yet we who lean upon such a man and draw strength from him and expect interpretation of the infinite through him- we who readily accept his sacrifice as our due, we of the congregations are the first to tell him what is in our minds instead of listening to what is in his soul. We press him to conform to our comfortable conceptions and not to UNK our satisfactions with his word, and UNK We do not defeat the good ones with this UNK but we add to their UNK while expecting them to UNK UNK upon us in return for UNK church attendance and a few UNK a week, American cash. If we break the minister to our bit, we are buying back our own sins. If he won't UNK we add to the stress he UNK And a minister of all men is most conscious that he is mere man- prone to the stresses that earthly humanity is heir to. We expect him to be UNK and to make us so- yet he UNK and tries to tell us, how very humble man must be. We expect bestowal of God's love through him. But how little love we give him. The church truly is not a rest home for UNK but a hospital for UNK Yet every Sunday we UNK go to that emergency room to receive first aid, and we leave UNK that the man who UNK to us is a human being who UNK too. Mr& Podger always particularly enjoyed the last night of each summer at UNK UNK The narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure. The evening was not always spent in the same way. This year, on a night cool with the front of September moving in, but with plenty of summer still about, the UNK were holding a neighborhood gathering in the UNK The little cottage was bursting with people of all ages. In the midst of it all, Mr& Podger came out on the UNK porch, alone. He had that day attended a country UNK and he had come back with a prize. The prize was an UNK woven cloth UNK complete with UNK UNK fringed side pieces, and UNK for UNK Mrs& Podger had UNK pushed things around on the porch to make room for it, and there it was, UNK in a UNK corner, the night breeze UNK its fringe with a slow, UNK movement. Mr& Podger sat down in it, pushed himself back and forth in one or two slow, rhythmic UNK and then swung his feet up into it. He closed his eyes and let the UNK drift of voices sweep UNK over him. Suddenly one young voice rose above the others. UNK it said, "do you always UNK when you're UNK The voice sank back into the general tangle of sound, but the question stayed in Mr& UNK mind. Here, in the cool, UNK evening, Mr& Podger mentally UNK a day that had left him greatly contented and at peace. #@# It had begun with the blue UNK UNK UNK along the lake before breakfast, Mr& Podger had seen the UNK and the bird that had lost it in flight. The UNK spread of blue had gone on, calling UNK into the wood. The small shaft of blue had drifted down and come to rest at his feet. All day long Mr& UNK who was a UNK man in the summer, had worn the feather in the band of his UNK UNK Would a blue feather in a man's hat make him happy all UNK UNK But it was something to have seen it floating down through the early morning UNK linking the blue of the sky with the blue of the UNK by the UNK Then, since the auction was being held nearby, he had walked to it. And there, on the way, had been the box UNK that slow, UNK UNK relic of UNK UNK for reasons best known to itself, on crossing the road. It was doing very well, too, having reached the center, and was pursuing its way with commendable UNK of purpose when Mr& Podger saw hazard approaching in the shape of a UNK little sports car. Would the driver see the UNK Would he take pains to avoid it? Mr& Podger took no chances. Taking off his hat and UNK the driver with it, Mr& Podger stepped into the road, lifted the surprised UNK and UNK its UNK with what must have been a breath-taking UNK The UNK immediately withdrew into its private council room to study the phenomenon. But Mr& Podger and the driver of the sports car waved at each other. Here in the cool darkness Mr& Podger could still feel the warmth of UNK could still see the yellow UNK dancing over the road, could still see the friendly grin on the young, UNK face as the driver looked back over his shoulder for a moment before the car UNK out of sight. Where was the driver now? What was he UNK And the UNK Mr& Podger smiled. For a few brief minutes they had all been part of one little drama. The three would never meet again, but for some reason or other Mr& Podger was sure he would always remember the incident. Then there had been the auction itself. Mr& Podger heard again, at will, the voice of the UNK the voices of the UNK and finally the small boy who had been so interested in Mr& UNK hammock UNK "I like them things, too", he had said. "We got one at home. You know what? If you're UNK out in the hammock at night, and it gets UNK UNK you UNK you just take these sides with the fringe on- see- and wrap 'em right over you. I do it, lots o' times- I like to lie in a hammock at night, by myself, when it's all quiet. **h The wind moves it a little UNK you know **h". #@# Mr& Podger had UNK him UNK and now he made use of the advice. As he pulled the fringed sides up and made himself into a UNK Mr& Podger saw that thin, attractive, UNK little face again, and hoped that the boy, too, was lying in a cool, UNK quiet. UNK the Podger cat, came by the UNK rubbed her back briefly against it, and then, sure of a UNK hopped up. She remarked that she found the night wind a little UNK and Mr& Podger took her inside the UNK Soon her purring UNK the UNK of the tree UNK UNK the UNK of voices from inside the UNK Mr& Podger was just adding this to his pictures of the day when the screen door opened and UNK burst out. UNK she said. "It's getting so UNK we've lighted a fire, and we're going to tell a round UNK UNK a nice, UNK one. We need you to start it. Why are you out here all by UNK UNK you UNK Mr& Podger opened his UNK and emerged, UNK UNK under his arm to bring her in by the fire. "Of course I am", he said. UNK happier in my life. I just came out here to know it". UNK As the South begins another school year, national and even world attention is directed at the region's slow progress toward racial equality in the public schools. Desegregation is beginning in two more important Southern cities- Dallas and Atlanta. In each city civic and education leaders have been working hard to get public opinion prepared to accept the UNK of equal treatment. These programs emphasize the acceptance of UNK classrooms UNK The programs do not take sides on the issue itself. They point out simply that "it is the law of the UNK The two cities have the examples of Little Rock and New Orleans to hold up as warnings against resorting to violence to try to stop the processes of desegregation. Even better, they have the examples of Nashville and Houston to hold up as peaceful and progressive programs. In each case there was an initial act of violence. In Nashville, a school was UNK In Houston, there were a few incidents of friction between whites and Negroes, none of which were UNK In each city quick public reaction and fast action by the city government UNK the threats of more serious UNK The Nashville plan, UNK has become recognized as perhaps the most acceptable and thus the most practical to put into effect in the troubled South. It is a UNK plan, in which desegregation begins in the first grade. Each year another grade is added to the process, until finally all 12 grades are UNK The schedules are flexible so that the program can be accelerated as the public becomes more tolerant or UNK that it is something that has to be done, "so why not now". The program has worked well in both Nashville and Houston. It met a serious rebuff in New Orleans, where the two schools selected for the first moves toward integration were UNK by white parents. Another attempt will be made this year in New Orleans to resume the program. Generally, throughout the South, there is a growing impatience with the pattern of violence with which every step of desegregation is met. Perhaps the most eloquent move toward removal of racial barriers has been in Dallas. During the summer, Negroes began quietly UNK previously segregated restaurants and lunch counters in downtown retail UNK It was part of a UNK move toward full integration. So successful has been this program, worked out by white and Negro civic leaders, that further extensions are expected in the next few months. UNK for example, are ready to let down the bars. UNK at least one hotel has been quietly taking reservations on a UNK basis. Several conventions have been held in recent months in hotels on a UNK basis. This is a radical change in attitude from the conditions which prevailed several years ago, when a series of UNK was directed against Negroes who were moving into previously all-white neighborhoods of Dallas. It is also symptomatic of a change in attitude which appears to be spreading all across the South. Southern whites themselves are realizing that they had been wrong in using violence to try to stop Negroes from claiming equal rights. They insist they are UNK of such violence and intimidation as occurred in Alabama when the Freedom UNK sought to break down racial discrimination in local bus UNK All across the South there are signs that racial violence is finding less approval among whites who themselves would never take active part but might once have shown a tolerant attitude toward it. There are many causes for this change. One of the most important is economic. Business leaders are aware now that they suffer greatly from any UNK of violence. They are putting strong pressure on their police departments to keep order. In the past these same Southerners were inclined to look the other way. And as the businessmen have begun to act, a real sense of co-operation has sprung up. This co-operation has UNK other Southern whites to add their voices to demands for UNK UNK They realize that by acting in UNK rather than individually, they will not be picked out as objects of UNK economic and otherwise. Since moving from a Chicago suburb to Southern California a few months ago, I've been introduced to a new game called UNK UNK mostly on the freeways around Los Angeles, it goes like this: A driver cruising easily at 70 UNK in Lane ~A of a UNK freeway UNK an incipient traffic jam ahead. Traffic in the next lane appears to be moving more smoothly so he pokes a tentative fender into Lane ~B, which is heavily populated by cars also moving at 70 UNK The adjacent driver in Lane ~B has three choices open to him. He can (1) point his car UNK at the invading fender and force the other driver back into Lane UNK (2) slow down and permit the ambivalent driver to change UNK or (3) alternately accelerate and UNK thus keeping the first driver guessing as to his UNK thereby making a fascinating sport of the whole affair. The really remarkable thing to me is that most California natives UNK elect to slow down and permit the invading car free UNK Whether or not this is done out of enlightened UNK I don't know. But it is done, consistently and I'm both surprised and UNK #@# This could never happen in my native Chicago. There such soggy UNK would be looked upon as a sure sign of UNK UNK In Chicago, the driver cut out would likely jam his gas pedal to the floor in an effort to force the other car back. UNK this, he would pull alongside at the first opportunity and shake his fist UNK This negative explanation of courtesy on the UNK however, does an injustice to Southern California UNK At the risk of losing my UNK at Marshall Field and Company, I would like to challenge an old and UNK UNK After three months of research, I can state unequivocally that Los Angeles drivers are considerably more UNK and competent than any other drivers I've ever encountered. During one recent day of driving about Los Angeles there were actually a dozen occasions when UNK drivers stopped an entire lane of traffic to permit me to pull out of an impossible side street. _MIAMI, FLA&, MARCH UNK An out-of-town writer came up to Paul Richards today and asked the Oriole manager if he thought his ball club would be improved this year. Now UNK of course, is known as a deep thinker as baseball managers go. He can often make the complex UNK simple, and vice UNK This happened to be vice UNK but even so, the answer was a UNK "It's a whole lot UNK he said, "to increase the population of Nevada, than it is to increase the population of New York UNK And with that he walked off to give instruction to a rookie UNK "That is undoubtedly a hell of a UNK said the writer, scratching his head. UNK if I can just figure out what he's talking about, I'll use it". #TWO UNK UNK This was just UNK way of saying that last year the Birds opened spring training with a lot of jobs wide open. Some brilliant rookies nailed them down, so that this spring just two spots, left and right field, are really up for UNK It should be easier to plug two spots than it was to fill the wholesale lots that were open last year, but so far it hasn't worked that way. This angle of just where the Orioles can look for improvement this year is an interesting one. UNK never guess it from the way UNK played so far this spring, but there remains a feeling among some around here that the Orioles still have a chance to battle for the pennant in 1961. Obviously, if this club is going to move from second to first in the American League, it will have to show improvement UNK Where can that improvement possibly come UNK You certainly can't expect the infield to do any better than it did last year. UNK UNK BE UNK Brooks Robinson is great, and it is conceivable that he'll do even better in 1961 than he did in 1960. You can't expect it, though. UNK performance last year was UNK It's the same with Ron Hansen and UNK UNK If they do as well as they did in 1960 there can be no UNK They shouldn't be asked to carry any more of the UNK Hansen will be getting a late spring training start, which might very well set him back. He got off to an exceptional start last season, and under the circumstances probably won't duplicate it. There are some clubs which claim they learned something about pitching to him last year. They don't expect to stop him, just slow him down some with the UNK He'll still be a top UNK they UNK because he's got a great glove and the long ball going for him. But they expect to reduce his over-all offensive production. UNK UNK MOVE UNK Gentile can hardly do better than drive in UNK runs. Don't ask him more. I have a UNK Marv Breeding might move up a UNK But even so, he had a good year in 1960 and won't do too much better. So, all in all, the infield can't be expected to supply the added improvement to propel the Birds from second to first. And the pitching will also have trouble doing better. Richards got a great performance out of his combination of youth and experience last season. UNK then, can we look for UNK "From UNK Brandt and UNK answers UNK UNK the ones we can expect to do UNK The man is right, and at this time, indications are that these three are ready for better seasons. UNK hasn't proved it yet, but he says he's convinced his thumb is all right. He UNK it this spring and has had to rest it, but he says the old injury hasn't bothered him. If he can bounce back with one of those 25 home runs years, the club will have to be better off UNK I'm still not UNK though, I'll have to see more of him before predicting that big year for him. Hank UNK backed up by Frank House who will be within calling distance in the UNK make up better second line catching than the Birds had all last year, but Gus is still that big man you need when you start talking UNK To me, Brandt looks as though he could be in for a fine year. He hasn't played too much, because Richards has been working on him furiously in batting practice. He's hitting the ball hard, in the batting UNK and his whole attitude is improved over this time last year. When he came to Baltimore, he was leaving a team which was supposed to win the National League UNK and he was joining what seemed to be a second division American League club. He was down, hard to talk to, and far too UNK on the field. As of now, that all seems behind him. He's been entirely different all spring. And Walker looks stronger, seems to be throwing better than he did last year. Let him bounce back, and he could really set up the staff. So, if the Orioles are to UNK Brandt, UNK and Walker will have to do it. So far the UNK on left and right UNK don't seem capable of carrying the load. Of course, this isn't taking into consideration the population of Nevada and New York city, but it's the way things look from here at this point. Is the mother of an UNK child at UNK (The UNK child is one who seems to lack a well-defined sense of self. He tends to treat himself and other people as if they were UNK and sometimes he treats objects as if they were UNK Did his mother make him this way? Some people believe she did. We think UNK We believe that UNK like so many other conditions of defect and UNK is to a large extent UNK A mother can help a child adapt to his difficulties. Sometimes she UNK to a large UNK help him overcome them. But we don't think she creates them. We don't think she can make her child UNK emotionally disturbed or UNK The mother of a difficult child can do a great deal to help her own child and often, by sharing her experiences, she can help other mothers with the same problem. Since little is known about UNK and almost nothing has been written for the UNK we'd like to share one experienced mother's comments. She wrote: UNK UNK "As the mother of an autistic child who is lacking in interest and enthusiasm about almost anything, I have to manipulate my son's fingers for him when he first plays with a new UNK He wants me to do everything for him. "You don't believe that autistic children become autistic because of something that happens to them or because of the way their mother treats them. But I do and my psychiatrist does, too. I know, that my son wants control and direction, but being autistic myself I cannot give full control or direction. "One thing I notice which I have seldom heard mentioned. This is that autistic people don't enjoy physical contact with others- for instance, my children and UNK When I hold my son he UNK his whole body in my arms until he is as straight and stiff as a board. He pushes and UNK himself as if he can't stand the feeling of being held. Physical contact is UNK for UNK This mother is quite correct. As a rule, the autistic child doesn't enjoy physical contact with others. Parents have to find other ways of comforting him. For the young child this may be no more than providing food, light or movement. As he grows older it may be a matter of providing some accustomed object (his UNK UNK Or certain words or rituals that child and adult go through may do the UNK The answer is different for each autistic child, but for most there is an answer. Only ingenuity will uncover it. #WHAT UNK UNK "Dear UNK We learned this year that our older son, UNK is UNK We did not accept the diagnosis at once, but gradually we are coming to. Fortunately, there is a nursery school which he has been able to attend, with a group of normal children. "I try to treat Daniel as if he were normal, though of course I realize he is far from that at present. What I do is to try to bring him into contact with reality as much as possible. I try to give him as many normal experiences as possible. "What is your experience with autistic UNK How do they turn out UNK Many autistic children grow up to lead relatively normal lives. Certainly, most continue to lack a certain warmth in communication with other people, but many adjust to school, even college, to jobs and even to marriage and UNK UNK UNK UNK <A first UNK colors pictures one solid color, everything- sky, grass, boy, wagon, etc&. When different colors are used, she is just as likely to color trees purple, hair green, UNK <The other children in the class use this same UNK book and do a fairly good job with things their proper color. Should I show my daughter how things should be UNK She is an UNK nervous child. Is a relaxed home atmosphere enough to help her outgrow these UNK UNK Her choice of one color means she is simply enjoying the motor act of UNK without having reached the point of selecting suitable colors for different objects. This immature use of UNK may suggest that she is a little immature for the first grade. No, UNK isn't exactly something you teach a child. You sometimes give them a little UNK a little guidance, and suggestions about staying inside the lines. But most learn to color and paint as and when they are ready with only a very little demonstration. UNK in UNK circles of late is a renewed interest in an old UNK UNK UNK responsible for this is the incoming trend toward UNK schemes in rooms, which seems slated to replace the UNK look to which we have been UNK Just as a UNK Oriental rug may suggest the starting point for a room scheme, so may some of the newest versions of UNK One such, in fact, is a UNK Though not actually UNK UNK it has that look with its UNK raised pattern in blue, UNK bronze and gold and a UNK background. The UNK UNK design of winding stems and floral forms strongly suggests the embroidered patterns used so extensively for UNK during the UNK period in England. UNK UNK UNK which seems to be appearing more frequently this fall than in the past few years is still available in this country. The work is executed in England (by UNK and can be worked in any desired design and color. Among some recent imports were seat covers for one series of dining room chairs on which were depicted salad plates UNK with UNK and greens and another set on which a pineapple was worked in naturalistic color. UNK UNK For a particularly fabulous room which houses a collection of fine English UNK furniture, fabric wall panels were embroidered with a typically UNK design of this revered UNK Century period. Since the work is done by hand, the only UNK it is said, "is that of human UNK Modern embroidered panels, framed and meant to be hung on the wall, are another aspect of this trend. These have never gone out of style in UNK homes and now seem to be UNK here and there in shops which specialize in UNK An amateur decorator might try her hand at a pair during the long winter UNK and, by picking up her living room color scheme, add a decorative do-it-yourself note to the room. California Democrats this weekend will take the UNK off a 1962 model statewide campaign vehicle which they have been quietly assembling in a thousand district headquarters, party UNK and workers' UNK They seem UNK proud of it. And they're confident that the UNK currently assailed by UNK within the ranks, will be impressed by the purring power beneath the hood of this UNK machine. #@# Their meeting at San Francisco is UNK scheduled as a conference of the California Democratic Council UNK But it will include UNK UNK organization leaders and UNK party people". Out of this session may UNK UNK Plans for a dramatic, UNK party rally in Los Angeles next December that would enlist UNK Democrats from all over the country. UNK UNK for doubling the UNK present UNK UNK UNK UNK for a statewide UNK UNK convention in UNK next Jan& UNK UNK And proposals for a whole series of lesser UNK conventions in the state's 38 new Congressional districts. At the head of the ~CDC is an UNK UNK amateur UNK Thomas B& Carvey Jr&, whose normal profession is helping develop Hughes UNK moon missiles. He's approached his Democratic duties in UNK engineering fashion. #@# UNK from UNK the ~CDC looks like a rather stalwart political UNK its elected UNK fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees, and thence into its component clubs and affiliated UNK 500 or so. Much of its strength stems from the comfortable knowledge that every UNK Democratic organization of any consequence belongs to the ~CDC. #@# Moreover, the entire state Democratic UNK from Gov& Brown on down to the county UNK also participates in this huge operation. UNK Republican UNK go their separate ways, and thus far have given no indication that they'd be willing to join forces under a single UNK except in the most UNK fashion. Carvey believes that UNK which left many Democratic clubs split by these new district boundaries, actually will increase ~CDC membership. Where only one club existed before, he says, two will UNK UNK UNK organizational problem, he UNK is setting up ~CDC units in UNK Democratic territory. UNK the council is weakest in areas that register 4- and UNK in the party's favor, strongest where Democrats and Republicans compete on a fairly even basis. Like most Democratic UNK Carvey predicts 1962 will be a tremendously UNK year". Hence the attention they're UNK on the ~CDC. In all probability, the council will screen and endorse candidates for the Assembly and for Congress, and then strive to put its full weight behind these UNK UNK This UNK heated contests in several districts where claims have already been UNK out by Democratic UNK who don't see UNK with the ~CDC. Naturally, the statewide races will provide the major test for the expanding UNK UNK aside by the UNK organizers for John F& Kennedy last year, who relegated it to a somewhat subordinate role in the Presidential campaign, the ~CDC plainly intends to provide the party's campaign muscle in 1962. There is evidence that it will be happily received by Gov& Brown and the other constitutional UNK #@# Carvey considers that former Vice President Nixon would be Brown's most formidable UNK with UNK Knight a close second. But the rest of the ~GOP gubernatorial UNK don't worry him very much. In his ~CDC work, Carvey has the UNK support and advice of one of California's UNK political UNK former Democratic National UNK Paul UNK who backed him over a UNK candidate UNK by Atty& Gen& Stanley UNK UNK bitter echoes of the 1960 power struggle that saw UNK moving into the national committee post over UNK are still UNK in party UNK #@# NOTE: We've just received an announcement of the UNK Assembly district UNK organizing convention Wednesday night in South UNK War Memorial UNK which UNK illustrates the UNK broad UNK State Sen& Dick Richards will UNK state and county UNK ~CDC directors and representatives, members of 16 area clubs, and "all UNK have been UNK This is going to be a language lesson, and you can master it in a few minutes. It is a short course in UNK It works with English, Russian, German, Hungarian or almost any other foreign tongue. Once you learn how to translate UNK much of each day's deluge of news will become UNK At least, I have found it so. #@# For some compulsive reason which would have fascinated Dr& Freud, Communists of all shapes and sizes almost invariably UNK to others the very motives which they harbor themselves. They accuse their enemies of precisely the crimes of which they themselves are most UNK President Kennedy's latest warning to the Communist world that the United States will build up its military strength to meet any challenge in Berlin or elsewhere was somewhat surprisingly, reported in full text or fairly accurate excerpts behind the Iron UNK Then the UNK reply came back from many UNK with striking consistency. Now listen UNK Moscow radio from the UNK UNK in English to UNK #@# UNK Kennedy once again interpreted the Soviet proposals, to sign a peace treaty with Germany as a UNK as part of the world menace allegedly looming over the countries of capitalism. UNK the war drum beating and hysteria so UNK being stirred up in the West have been planned long in advance. The West Berlin crisis is being played up artificially because it is needed by the United States to justify its arms UNK The Soviet news agency ~TASS datelined from New York in English to Europe: UNK Kennedy's UNK of the American military program was welcomed on Wall Street as a stimulus to the American UNK industry. When the stock exchange opened this morning, many dealers were quick to purchase shares in UNK Lockheed and United Aircraft and prices rose UNK Over 4 million shares were UNK the highest figures since early June. UNK UNK ~TASS datelined Los Angeles, in English to Europe: UNK Vice President Nixon came out in support of President Kennedy's program for stepping up the arms race. He also demanded that Kennedy take additional measures to increase international UNK specifically to UNK the Cuban revolution, resume nuclear testing, resist more vigorously admission of China to its UNK seat in the United Nations, and postpone non-military programs at home". ~TASS from Moscow in English to Europe: "The American press UNK for many days promising President Kennedy would reply to the most vital domestic and foreign problems confronting the United States. In fact, the world heard nothing but UNK the same exercises which proved futile for the predecessors of the current President. If there were no West Berlin problem, UNK quarters would have invented an excuse for stepping up the armaments race to try to solve the internal and external problems UNK the United States and its ~NATO UNK Washington apparently decided to use an old formula, by injecting large military appropriations to speed the slow revival of the U&S& economy after a prolonged UNK #@# And now, for Communist listeners and UNK Moscow Radio in Russian to the UNK "The U&S& President has shown once again that the United States needs the fanning of the West Berlin crisis to justify the armaments race. As was to be expected Kennedy's latest speech was greeted with enthusiasm by UNK circles in UNK where officials of the West German government praised it". Moscow UNK article in Russian, datelined UNK UNK pressure on Britain to foster war hysteria over the status of West Berlin has reached its UNK British common sense is UNK The present attempts of the politicians to UNK ordinary UNK shows that this British common sense is unwilling to pull somebody else's UNK out of the fire by new military UNK #@# East Berlin UNK radio in German to UNK "A better position for negotiations is the real point of this speech. Kennedy knows the West will not wage war for West Berlin, neither conventional nor UNK and negotiations will come as certainly as the peace UNK Whenever some Washington circles were really ready for talks to eliminate friction they have always succumbed to pressure from the war UNK in the Pentagon and in UNK In Kennedy's speech are cross UNK sensible ones and senseless ones, reflecting the great struggle of opinions between the President's advisers and the political and economic forces behind them. Well, dear UNK despite all the shouting, there will be no war over West UNK Moscow ~TASS in Russian datelined UNK UNK Khrushchev received the U&S& President's disarmament adviser, John UNK Their conversation and dinner passed in a warm and friendly UNK Now, to translate from the UNK this UNK The UNK UNK crisis is really an East Berlin crisis. #@# The crisis was artificially stirred up by the Kremlin UNK UNK and the Red Army UNK UNK on by the West Germans UNK UNK The reason was to speed up domestic production in the UNK which Khrushchev promised upon UNK power, and try to end the permanent recession in Russian living standards. Chairman Khrushchev UNK UNK his rockets UNK in order to cure his internal ills and to strengthen his negotiating position. His advisers in the UNK UNK UNK are engaged in a great struggle of opinions, so he is not always UNK The Soviet Union will fight neither a conventional nor a nuclear war over Berlin, and neither will its Warsaw UNK allies. The West has no intention of attacking Russia. Chairman Khrushchev and John UNK had a terrible row at UNK UNK UNK is UNK once you get onto it. Aug& 4, UNK nearly a century after Benjamin Franklin founded the Pennsylvania UNK a century during which it had undergone several changes in ownership and a few brief UNK in UNK this paper made its first appearance as the Saturday Evening UNK The country was now full of UNK and Samuel C& UNK and Charles UNK who had just taken over UNK old paper, desired a more distinctive name. When founded by Franklin the UNK was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format remained that of a newspaper but its columns gradually contained more and more fiction, poetry, and literary UNK In the middle of the century, with a circulation of UNK the Post was one of the most popular weeklies in the country. But during the second half of the century its fortunes reached a low point and when in UNK Cyrus H& K& Curtis purchased it- UNK type, and UNK for $1,000 it was a UNK weekly filled with UNK fiction and UNK UNK and with only some 2,000 UNK Little more than a fine old name, valuable principally because of the Franklin tradition, the Saturday Evening Post was slow to UNK But Curtis poured over $1 million into it and in time it again became one of the most popular weeklies of the country. "Remember the French railroad UNK who was going to take me floating down the UNK **h "Remember the night Will Rogers filled a tooth for me between UNK **h UNK we met a barrel of rich men but it's hard to find the real thing when you're young, beautiful and the toast of two UNK **h "Remember UNK UNK promised my mother she would look after me on the UNK All this remembering took place the other night when I had supper with the UNK UNK at the Beverly Hills Club. A quarter of a century has gone by since this bevy of walking dreams UNK up and down the UNK of the old New Amsterdam Theater, N&Y&. But watching Mrs& UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Mrs& Robert UNK Mrs& Walter Adams order UNK UNK no bread, I could see the UNK UNK of 1920 were determined to be glamorous UNK of 1961. I was anxious to hear about those dazzling days on the Great White UNK All I could remember was UNK UNK pasted over the ceiling of my big brother's room. UNK was really UNK exclaimed UNK UNK Adams, batting lovely big eyes behind glitter UNK glasses. UNK UNK prisoner strike was motivated by a reasonable purpose, a fair break from parole boards. But once the strike trend hits UNK there is no telling how far it may go. UNK might even demand the UNK week, all holidays off and fringe benefits including state contributions toward UNK UNK Some day we might see a Federation of UNK and UNK UNK with a leader busily trying to organize UNK UNK defendants out on UNK convicts opposed to probation officers, etc&. _@_ A UNK confinement week, with a UNK vacation and shorter hours all around could be an ultimate demand from cell occupants of the nation, with fringe benefits UNK _1._ UNK space between iron bars and agreement by prison boards to substitute rubber in 20 per cent of metal. _2._ An agreement allowing convicts to pass on type of locks used on prison doors. In case of a deadlock between prison boards and UNK a federal UNK board to include a UNK and two UNK should decide the issue. _3._ Specific broadening of travel rights. _4._ The right to leave the UNK any time to see a lawyer instead of waiting for a lawyer to make a trip to the prison. _5._ UNK of UNK Union rule that no member of an iron or steel workers union be permitted to repair a UNK bar without approval and participation of representative of the cell UNK _6._ No warden or guard to touch lock, key or UNK except when accompanied by a prisoners' committee with powers of UNK _7._ State and federal approval of right to walk out at any time when so voted by 51 per cent of the UNK #@# The death of Harold A& UNK oldest of the Stevens brothers, famed operators of baseball, football and race track concessions, revived again the story of one of the greatest business successes in history. UNK with brothers UNK Joe and William, took over at the death of their father, Harry M& UNK who put a few dollars into a baseball program, introduced the UNK UNK and UNK the way for creation of a catering UNK Family loyalties and cooperative work have been unbroken for generations. #@# ~IBM has a machine that can understand spoken words and talk back. Nevertheless, it will seem funny to have to send for a mechanic to improve conversation. #@# UNK UNK UNK UNK of UNK brought UNK at auction the other night. Both Aristotle and Homer may in spirit be contemplating UNK of the UNK American dollar. #@# The owner of the painting got it for UNK sold it for $500,000 in a market crash, and bought it back for UNK UNK are in order from anybody who said "Are you sure you're not making a UNK #@# UNK UNK is reported the No& 1 ~TV show. After all, where else can the public see a wagon these UNK #@# UNK UNK book, "Mr& UNK UNK Palace UNK fills us with UNK recalling days when private cars and UNK were extra wonderful, with fine UNK craftsmanship in construction, deep UNK and durable UNK Beebe tells of one private car that has gold UNK Jay UNK kept a cow on one de UNK _WASHINGTON_- Rep& Frelinghuysen, UNK UNK had a special reason for attending the reception at the Korean Embassy for Gen& UNK UNK Park, the new leader of South Korea. Not only is Mr& UNK a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, but he is the UNK of the man who was instrumental in opening relations between the United States and UNK Frederick T& Frelinghuysen, secretary of state in the administration of Chester A& UNK In addition Rep& UNK brother Harry was on the Korean desk of the State Department in World War /2,. Next year is the UNK anniversary of the signing of the treaty between Korea and the United States and experts in UNK are trying to find the correspondence between Frederick Frelinghuysen, who was secretary of state in 1883 and UNK and Gen& UNK UNK who was the first minister to Korea. They enlisted the help of the New Jersey UNK who has been able to trace the letters to the national UNK where they are available on UNK UNK THE UNK A top official of the New Frontier who kept a record of his first weeks on the job here gives this report of his UNK In his first six weeks in office he UNK over 96 UNK attended 35 official UNK and UNK studied and signed UNK official papers and personally took UNK telephone UNK In addition, he said, he has answered more than 400 messages of congratulations which led him to the comment that he himself had decided he wouldn't send another UNK message for the rest of his life. _@_ Sen& Case UNK has received a nice UNK UNK note from a youngster he appointed to the Air Force Academy in UNK Air Force life is great, the UNK wrote, UNK the UNK system is no UNK He invited Mr& Case to stop by to say UNK if he ever visited the academy and then added that he was on the managerial staff of the freshman football team "We have just returned from UNK UNK where we were defeated, 34 to UNK the young man noted. "We have a tremendous amount of talent- but we lack UNK @ UNK MR& UNK Among the many stories about the late Speaker Rayburn is one from Rep& UNK UNK UNK Mrs& UNK husband, M& Joseph UNK was taking a 10-year-old boy from Union County on the tour of the Capitol during the final weeks of the last session. They ran across Mr& Rayburn and the youngster expressed a desire to get the Speaker's UNK Mr& UNK said that although it was obvious that Mr& Rayburn was not well he stopped, gave the youngster his UNK asked where he was from and expressed the hope that he would enjoy his visit to Congress. Two days later Mr& Rayburn left Washington for the last time. THE UNK anniversary of the King James Bible is being celebrated simultaneously with the publishing today of the New Testament, the first part of the New English Bible, undertaken as a new translation of the UNK into contemporary English. Since it was issued in the spring of UNK the King James UNK has been most generally considered the most poetic and beautiful of all UNK of the Bible. However, Biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous UNK as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship UNK This resulted in revisions of the King James Bible in UNK as the English UNK UNK and in UNK as the American Standard UNK Then in UNK America's International Council of Religious Education authorized a new UNK in the light of expanded knowledge of ancient manuscripts and languages. UNK by 32 American scholars, under the UNK of Rev& Dr& Luther A& UNK former dean of Yale University Divinity School, their studies resulted in the publishing of the UNK Standard UNK UNK UNK UNK The New English Bible (the Old Testament and UNK will be published at a future UNK has not been planned to rival or replace the King James UNK but, as its cover states, it is offered UNK as the Bible to all those who will use it in reading, teaching, or UNK UNK of course will testify whether the new version will have achieved its purpose. Bible reading, even more so than good classical music, grows in depth and meaning upon repetition. If this new Bible does not increase in significance by repeated readings throughout the years, it will not survive the ages as has the King James UNK However, an initial UNK and comparison of some of the famous passages with the same parts of other versions seems to speak well of the efforts of the British Biblical UNK One is impressed with the dignity, clarity and beauty of this new translation into contemporary English, and there is no doubt that the meaning of the Bible is more easily understandable to the general reader in contemporary language than in the frequently archaic words and phrases of the King UNK For example, in the third chapter of UNK verses UNK describing the UNK of Jesus, the UNK version reads: "Then UNK Jesus from UNK to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him. "But John UNK him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and UNK thou to me? "And Jesus answering said unto him, UNK it to be so now: for thus it UNK us to fulfill all UNK Then he suffered him. "And Jesus, when he was baptized went up UNK out of the UNK and UNK the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a UNK and lighting upon him". UNK UNK Certainly, the meaning is clearer to one who is not familiar with Biblical UNK in the New English Bible which reads: "Then Jesus arrived at Jordan from UNK and he came to John to be baptized by him. John tried to dissuade him. UNK you come to UNK he UNK 'I need rather to be baptized by UNK Jesus replied, UNK it be so for the present; we do well to conform this way with all that God UNK John then allowed him to come. After UNK Jesus came up out of the water at once, and at that moment heaven UNK he saw the Spirit of God descending like a UNK to UNK upon UNK (the UNK spelling and UNK are reproduced as printed in each UNK Among the most frequently quoted Biblical sentences are the UNK and yet so few persons, other than scholars, really understand the true meaning of these eight UNK uttered by Jesus at the beginning of the UNK on the UNK To UNK the first blessing in the King James Bible reads: UNK are the poor in UNK for UNK is the kingdom of heaven". The new version UNK "How blest are those who know that they are UNK the kingdom of Heaven is UNK Some of the poetic UNK of the older version certainly is lost in the newer one, but almost anyone, with a fair knowledge of the English language, can understand the meaning, without the necessity of interpretation by a Biblical UNK To a novice that is significant. In the second and third chapters of UNK the new version UNK however, the old phrase UNK of the UNK which Biblical scholars have previously interpreted as meaning UNK This is not contemporary English. UNK UNK For the most part, however, the new version is contemporary and, as such, should be the means for many to attain a clearer comprehension of the meaning of those words recorded so many hundreds of years ago by the first followers of Christ. UNK recorded by hand, these words have been UNK and UNK translated and UNK through the ages. UNK recently made of old Biblical manuscripts in Hebrew and Greek and other ancient writings, some by the early church UNK in themselves called for a UNK of the Bible. To have the results recorded in everyday usable English should be of benefit to all who seek the truth. There is one danger, however. With contemporary English changing with the rapidity that marks this jet age, some of the words and phrases of the new version may themselves soon become UNK The only answer will be continuous study. The New Testament offered to the public today is the first result of the work of a joint committee made up of representatives of the Church of England, Church of Scotland, Methodist Church, Congregational Union, Baptist Union, Presbyterian Church of England, Churches in UNK Churches in UNK Society of UNK British and Foreign Bible Society and National Society of UNK Prof& C& H& UNK UNK a Congregational minister and a leading authority on the New Testament, is general director of the project and chairman of the New Testament panel. UNK temperatures and hot summer UNK are anything but kind to the feet. That is why it is important to invest in UNK airy types of shoes. There are many soft and light shoe UNK available. Many styles have UNK and an almost UNK achieved via UNK UNK UNK is found in crushed UNK UNK run the gamut from slender and tapered with elongated toes to a newer squared toe shape. UNK place emphasis on the long UNK silhouette. Wine glass heels are to be found in both high and UNK UNK heels are also popular on UNK or tailored shoes. Just the UNK suggestion of a heel is found on teenage UNK UNK UNK While white is the UNK summer shade, there are lots of pastel UNK along with UNK fabrics that will blend with any wardrobe color. In the UNK group are high and little UNK squared and oval UNK and UNK UNK Don't overlook the straws this year. They come in crisp UNK UNK in natural honey UNK along with UNK open UNK with a UNK finish in natural, white, black and a whole range of colors. In the casual field straws feature wedge heels of cork or carved wood in a variety of styles. For added comfort some of the Italian designed UNK have foam UNK UNK The UNK tones popular in clothing are also to be found UNK Orange and lemon are considered important as are such UNK as blue and UNK In a brighter UNK vein is UNK de France blue. UNK trim provides other touches of color. UNK in white UNK textures dip toe and heel in smooth black, navy and UNK UNK UNK FOR UNK UNK for summer comfort are the shoes UNK At the left is a pair of UNK straw UNK in a light, but crisp UNK In a UNK open weave shoes have a UNK UNK UNK collar and bow UNK on the squared throat. At right is a casual style in a crushed UNK white UNK UNK have a UNK throat. An electric toothbrush UNK may soon take its place next to the electric razor in the American bathroom. The brush moves up and down and is small enough to clean every dental surface, including the back of the teeth. In addition, the motor has the seal of approval of the UNK Laboratories, which means it is safe. The unit consists of a small motor that goes on as soon as it is UNK in. The speed is controlled by pressing on the two UNK buttons located where the index finger and thumb are placed when holding the motor. The bushes can be cleaned and UNK by boiling and are UNK so that every member of the family can have his own. Most of us brush our teeth by hand. The same can be said of shaving yet the electric razor has proved useful to many men. The electric toothbrush moves in a vertical direction, the way UNK UNK In addition, it is small enough to get into UNK jacket and crown UNK UNK UNK and the back teeth. The bristles are soft enough to UNK the gums and not scratch the UNK It is conceivable that UNK could do a better job than ordinary UNK especially in those who do not brush their teeth properly. Several UNK and patients with special dental problems have experimented with the device. The results were good although they are difficult to compare with hand UNK particularly when the individual knows how to brush his teeth properly. The electric gadget is most helpful when there are many crowned teeth and in individuals who are UNK UNK with a chronic disease, or are handicapped by disorders such as cerebral UNK or muscular UNK But for many of us, it will prove an UNK luxury. It is not as convenient as the old type toothbrush and the paste tends to UNK of the UNK Since the apparatus is new, it requires experimentation and changes in technique. UNK UNK @ writes: Does UNK in the left hand at night, which UNK the person, indicate brain UNK _REPLY_ No. This is a common symptom and the cause usually is pressure on the nerve leading to the affected hand. The pressure may come from muscles, UNK or bones anywhere from the neck to the hand. UNK UNK @ writes: Do steam baths have any health UNK _REPLY_ No, other than cleaning out the UNK and making the sweat glands work UNK An ordinary hot bath or shower will do the same. UNK UNK UNK @ writes: What makes my hands numb when UNK _REPLY_ There are many UNK including poor UNK a variety of UNK conditions, and functional UNK This manifestation may be an early sign of multiple UNK or the beginning of UNK UNK UNK FOR UNK @ writes: Does a brace help in UNK _REPLY_ A back brace might help, depending upon the cause of UNK UNK AND UNK @ writes: Does the cholesterol go down when most of the thyroid gland is UNK _REPLY_ No. It usually goes up. The cholesterol level in the blood is influenced by the glands of the body. It is low when the thyroid is UNK and high when the gland is UNK The latter is likely to occur when the thyroid is removed. The gap between the UNK and the record cabinet grows smaller with each new recording UNK There's more reading and instruction to be heard on discs than ever before, although the spoken rather than the sung word is as old as Thomas UNK UNK first experiment in recorded sound. UNK could hardly have UNK however, that UNK would one day appear in UNK If the record UNK tastes are somewhat UNK or even the slightest bit UNK he will find them satisfied on educational records. And he will avoid UNK in the process. Everything from poetry to UNK history to UNK philosophy to party games has been adapted to the UNK For sheer ambition, take the Decca series titled UNK UNK Volumes One and UNK selected from the sound tracks of a television series, contain UNK with the elder wise men of our day". These UNK include poet Carl UNK statesman UNK Nehru and sculptor Jacques UNK in Volume One, and UNK UNK UNK David UNK philosopher UNK Russell and the late Frank Lloyd Wright in the second set. Hugh UNK is heard interviewing Wright, for an added prestige UNK There's more specialization and a narrower purpose in two UNK recently issued by Dover UNK Dover UNK what the company calls UNK and UNK productions designed to teach foreign languages. UNK presentations have been on French, Spanish, Russian, UNK German and UNK But the firm has recognized the tight dollar and the UNK desire to visit the UNK UNK and relatively inexpensive UNK and is now prepared to teach modern Greek and Portuguese through UNK The respective UNK UNK for UNK are available in separate UNK Thanks to UNK Arts UNK history UNK may hear Lincoln's "most memorable speeches and UNK in a UNK set, interpreted by Lincoln authority and lecturer Roy P& UNK As a UNK UNK the set includes Carl Sandburg's address at a joint session of Congress, delivered on Lincoln's birthday two years ago. For those who "like poetry but never get around to reading it", the Library of Congress makes it possible for poets to be heard reading their own work. The program was instituted in 1940, and releases are available only from the UNK Laboratory of the Library of Congress, Washington 25, D& C& A catalogue is available on UNK Newest on the list are John UNK W& D& UNK I& A& UNK Oscar Williams, Robert UNK John Hall UNK Stephen Vincent UNK Edwin UNK John UNK Bishop and Maxwell UNK Two poets are paired on each record, in the order given above. Decca is not the only large commercial company to UNK instruction. ~RCA Victor has an ambitious and useful project in a stereo series called UNK in UNK which is an instructional record library for elementary schools. Howard Mitchell and the National Symphony perform in the first two releases, designed for grades one and two. Teaching guides are included with each record. In an effort to UNK himself against the UNK UNK sure to arise in the future, Herbert A& UNK UNK of the Phoenix UNK UNK reflects upon a few of the UNK experiences of the feverish fifties. One of the UNK was the ~TV UNK shows, which gave him UNK UNK Though it was a great relief when the big brains on these shows turned out to be UNK and UNK it did UNK damage to the ego of the editor and many another intelligent, well-informed American. But the one that upset the financially wise was the professional dancer who related in a book how he UNK his earnings into a UNK profit on the stock market. Every man who UNK in the market to make a little easy money on the side and suffers losses could at the time hardly face his wife who was wondering how her husband could be so UNK Investors breathed more freely when it was learned that this UNK dancer had turned UNK and was only doing a best seller book to make some UNK People who take us for UNK are like the UNK who had on exhibit his superior marksmanship in the form of a number of bull's-eye achievements. The UNK who wanted to sign him up for the circus asked him how he was able to do it. His answer was simple but UNK He just shot at the board and then drew circles around the holes to form a bull's-eye. One of the obstacles to the easy control of a 2-year-old child is a lack of verbal communication. The child understands no. He senses his mother's disapproval. But explanations leave him confused and UNK If his mother loves him, he clings to that love as a UNK It motivates his behavior. He wants UNK to think him a good boy. He doesn't want her to look UNK at him, or speak to him UNK This breaks his heart. He wants to be called sweet, good, UNK and mother's little UNK But even mother's loving attitude will not always prevent UNK His desires are so strong that he needs constant reassurance of his mother's love for him and what she expects of him, in order to overcome them. His own inner voice, which should tell him what not to do, has not developed. It won't develop until he has words with which to UNK it. The conscience is UNK in the UNK What can a mother do then to prevent UNK She can decrease the number of UNK She can remove all UNK within reach. The fewer UNK she has to utter the more effective they will be. She should offer substitutes for the temptations which seem overwhelmingly desirable to the child. If he can't play with UNK magazines, he should have some old numbers of his own. If UNK books are out of bounds his own picture books are not. UNK he has can be made to act as substitutes for family temptations such as refrigerator and gas UNK During this precarious period of development the mother should continue to influence the growth of the child's conscience. She tells him of the consequences of his behavior. If he bites a UNK she says, UNK won't like you". If he UNK a UNK she says, UNK wants her own truck just as you do". There is no use trying to UNK to a UNK UNK speak louder. Remove UNK Remove the child from the scene of his UNK UNK approved objects for forbidden ones and keep telling him how he is to act. He won't submit to his natural desires all the time, and it's UNK love that is responsible for his good behavior. This is the period during the melancholy days of autumn when universities and colleges schedule what they call UNK UNK They seek thereby to lure the old UNK back to the old UNK The football opponent on homecoming is, of course, selected with the view that said opponent will have little more chance than did a Christian when thrown to one of the UNK UNK It is true, of course, the uncertainties of life being what they are, that as now and then the Christian killed the lion, homecoming days have been ruined by a visiting team. Even with all possible UNK UNK are usually rather cruel and sad, and only the perpetually UNK and the continually optimistic are made happy by them. More often than not, as the Old UNK UNK along the old UNK his memory of happy days when he UNK one of the paths with a UNK beside him becomes an ache and a pain. He can smell again the perfume she wore and recall the UNK sound of UNK and can smell again the UNK of UNK fallen leaves, the wine of cool air, and the nostalgia of UNK which blows through all the winds of fall. UNK It is at precisely such moments that he encounters a couple of UNK faces UNK holding hands and talking happily as they come along, UNK of him, or throwing him the most fleeting and casual of UNK such as they would give a UNK UNK Usually, they UNK loudly after they have passed by. His dream goes. He feels, suddenly, the weight of the fat that is on him. His UNK or his plates feel loose and UNK His UNK UNK His legs suddenly feel heavy and UNK UNK as if he had walked for miles, instead of strolling a few hundred yards along the old campus UNK UNK comes over him and the taste of time is like UNK UNK in his mouth. It is not much better if he meets with old UNK Too often, unless he UNK them, they pass him by. He recalls with a wry smile the wit who said, on returning from a homecoming UNK that he would never go again because all his class had changed so much they didn't even recognize him. If they do meet and recognize one another, UNK backs and UNK the moment soon is done. After all, when one has asked whatever became of old Joe and Charlie **h when one has inquired who it was Sue Brown married and where it is they now live **h when questions are asked and answered about families and children, and old professors **h when the game and its probable outcome has been exhausted **h that does it. UNK UNK By then one begins to notice the UNK UNK the gray UNK the UNK bodies that are too thin or too UNK the fading signs of old UNK the athlete of UNK years who wears a size 46 suit and UNK when he has finished a sentence of any length **h then, it is time to break it up and move on. It is, if anything, worse on the old player **h He sits in the stands and he doesn't like that. Enough of his life was spent there on the field for him never to like watching the game as a spectator in the crowd. He always feels UNK A team feels something. On a team a man feels he is a part of it and akin to the men next to him. In the stands he is lonely and lost, no matter how many are about him. He sits there remembering the tense moment before the ball was UNK the UNK of straining feet, the UNK of the canvas UNK the smell and feel of UNK wet woolen sleeves across his face. He remembers the desperate, panting UNK the long runs on the UNK the hard, UNK UNK the UNK the desperate UNK of UNK stands. And so, he UNK with each play, remembering his youth. But it is no use. It is gone. No matter how often a man goes back to the scenes of his youth and strength, they can never be UNK again. Since the obvious is not always true, the Republican National Committee wisely analyzed its defeat of last autumn and finds that it occurred, as UNK in the larger cities. Of 40 cities with populations of 300,000 and more, Mr& Kennedy carried 26 and Mr& Nixon 14. There are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power in any close election. These are New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Maryland, Missouri, New Jersey, Illinois and Minnesota. In 1952 Mr& Eisenhower won all but Missouri. Yet, in 1960 all eight gave UNK to Mr& Kennedy. Republican research broke down the vote in Philadelphia. Mr& Nixon, despite a very earnest effort to capture the minority groups, failed to do so. His visit to UNK Poland, after the Russian journey in the summer of 1959 was expected to win the Polish vote which, in several cities, is substantial. Yet, the ~GOP breakdown discovered that in Philadelphia Mr& Nixon received but 21 per cent of the so-called UNK UNK 30 per cent of the UNK vote, and 18 per cent of the UNK vote. UNK UNK A ~GOP UNK UNK committee will seek to find out how its party may win support from the ethnic and minority groups in cities. The task force might make a start in Washington with Republican congressional leaders. These gentlemen already have done the party harm by their seeming reluctance to vote aid for the depressed areas and by their criticism of Mr& Kennedy for talking about a recession and UNK This error was compounded by declaring the recession to be "a statistical one", and not a reality. The almost six million persons without jobs and the two million working part-time do not consider themselves and their plight as UNK They did not view the tour of the distressed cities and towns by Secretary of Labor Goldberg as politics, which the ~GOP declared it to be. The people visited were glad to have a government with heart enough to take an interest in their misery. Senator UNK gross distortion of President Eisenhower's conversation into a denunciation of President Kennedy as too left wing, a statement Mr& Eisenhower declared to be entirely false, is another case in point. If the Republicans and Southern Democrats join to defeat medical care for the old under the Social Security program, they will thereby erect still another barrier to ~GOP hopes in the cities. UNK UNK The present Republican leadership as practiced by UNK UNK Bridges, UNK et UNK is repeating the errors of the party leadership of the UNK In that decade the partisan zeal to defend Mr& Hoover, and the party's failure to anticipate or cope with the depression, caused a great majority of Americans to see the Republican party as cold and lacking in any sympathy for the problems of human beings caught up in the distress and suffering brought on by the economic UNK The Republican party was not lacking in humanity, but it permitted its extremely partisan leadership to make it appear devoid of any consideration for people in trouble. Farmers called their UNK pickup trucks UNK UNK UNK reduced to "the UNK spoke of the UNK tobacco as UNK UNK One may be sure the present Republican congressional leadership hasn't meant to repeat this error. But it is in the process of so doing because it apparently gives priority to trying to UNK John F& Kennedy. That this is not good politics is underscored by the latest poll figures which show that 72 per cent of the people like the way in which the new President is conducting the nation's business. The most articulate Republicans are those who, in their desire to get back at Mr& Kennedy, already have created the image of a Republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the UNK and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care. If they also defeat the school bill, the ~GOP task force won't have much research to do. It will early know why the party won't win back city UNK The 1962 General Assembly has important business to UNK The tragedy is that it will not be able to UNK that business in any responsible manner. After the UNK political UNK has completed the circuit in November in the name of a UNK UNK this is going to be the most politically oriented Legislature in history. Every legislator from UNK UNK to UNK is going to have his every vote subjected to the closest scrutiny as a test of his political UNK not his convictions. UNK legislative action on adjustment of the county unit system stands less chance than ever. And just how far can the Legislature go toward setting up a UNK system for the state in the midst of a governor's UNK How UNK will be the recommendations of Lt& Gov& Garland Byrd's Senate Committee on Government UNK The situation already was bad because the Legislature moved the governor's race forward a few months, causing the UNK to get started earlier than usual. But when former Gov& Marvin UNK and Lt& Gov& UNK accepted the invitations of the Georgia State Chamber of Commerce to join the tour next November, the situation was UNK Neither had a choice other than to accept the UNK To have refused would have been political suicide. And it may be that one or both men actually welcomed the opportunity, when the bravado comments are cast UNK The Georgia State Chamber of Commerce tried to guard against the danger of eliminating potential candidates. It wanted the State Democratic Executive Committee to pick the UNK UNK But State Party Chairman James Gray of Albany said no, and he didn't UNK any words. "They are just asking too much", he said. We can't think of anyone else who would want to separate serious candidates from other candidates, either. There are other UNK UNK is an accelerating game. "If an opponent UNK you of UNK don't deny it. Say he is a horse UNK runs an old UNK These men are UNK If either one ever started making UNK there is no telling where the promises would end. UNK Rural Roads Authority and Byrd's 60,000 miles of county contracts would look like UNK UNK The trouble is that at first glance the idea looks like such a good one. Why not have them travel the state in November UNK It would present a UNK for them in almost every community. But further thought brings the UNK visions of a governor's race being run in the next Legislature, the UNK of big spending programs, the UNK of UNK before the campaign should even begin. There UNK way out of this. The Chamber has not arranged a UNK UNK It has arranged a campaign for governor. If it will simply delay the debates until the qualifications are closed next spring, and then carry all the candidates on a tour of UNK it can provide a service to the state. But the Legislature should be granted the opportunity to UNK its work before choosing up sides for the race. UNK British Prime Minister UNK says Eisenhower was not a "great UNK UNK somewhat like George Washington. Both won a pretty UNK war with a modest assist from British UNK UNK returning from UNK say the people admire President Kennedy so much, they're even willing to heed his call to UNK and give up his program. UNK of the John UNK UNK UNK your own UNK The guy who makes the motor boats may be a UNK A Republican survey says Kennedy won the UNK election on the religious issue. Too many people were afraid if the ~GOP won, they'd have to spend all their time UNK The Providence Journal editorial UNK UNK entitled UNK Greenwich UNK a Housing Development UNK points to a dilemma that faces communities such as ours. Your suggested solution, it seems to me, is grossly oversimplified and is inconsistent with your generally realistic attitude UNK and UNK of, sound planning. First of all there is ample area in East Greenwich already UNK in the classification similar to that which petitioner UNK This land is in various stages of development in several locations throughout the town. The demand for these lots can be met for some time to come. This would seem to indicate that we are trying neither "to halt an UNK of UNK nor are we UNK up such standards for development that only the UNK could afford to buy land and build in the new UNK What we are attempting to do is achieve and maintain a balance between medium density and low density residential areas and industrial and commercial development. It is in fact entirely consistent with your suggestion of modest industrial development to help pay governmental costs. UNK Inc& is approximately half way through a 10-year exemption of their real estate tax. The wisdom of granting such tax UNK is another matter, but this particular instance is, in my opinion, completely satisfactory. The 1960 tax book for East Greenwich indicates a valuation for this property in excess of two million dollars. With our current $3 per hundred tax rate, it is safe to assume that this will qualify when you suggest a community should UNK to develop a modest industrial UNK as the best way to meet these problems. In order to attract additional industry that is compatible with this community it is all the more important to present to the industrial prospect an orderly balance in the tax structure. As this tax base grows so then can your medium and low density residential areas grow. Mr& Richard UNK executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission, in his remarks to the UNK Conference on Industrial Development at Providence on October 8, 1960, warned against the UNK of attempting to attract industry solely to reduce the tax rate or to UNK municipal services such as schools when he said: "If this is the fundamental reason for a community's interest or if this is the basic approach, success if any will be difficult to UNK He went on to say: "In the first place, industry per UNK is not dedicated to the role of UNK of UNK UNK It is not in business for the purpose of absorbing increased municipal costs no matter how high a purpose that may be". While Councilman UNK cited the anticipated increase in school costs in answer to a direct question from a UNK the impact upon a school system does not have to be measured only in increased taxes to find alarm in uncontrolled growth. We in East Greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities, one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools, and the other facing this prospect next year. It has already been reported in your newspapers that the East Greenwich School Committee is considering additions to at least one elementary school and to the high school to insure future accommodations for a school population that we know will increase. If they are to be commended for foresight in their planning, what then is the judgment of a town council that compounds this problem during the planning UNK Where then is the sound planning and cooperation between agencies within the community that you have called for in other UNK I submit that it cannot be dismissed simply by saying we are not facing the facts of life. The UNK UNK of UNK that you recommend is currently practiced by the town of East Greenwich and had its inception long before we learned what it was called. For example: _1._ The East Greenwich Police Department utilizes the radio transmission facilities of the Warwick Police Department, thereby eliminating duplication of facilities and UNK police coordination in the UNK UNK area of the two communities. _2._ The East Greenwich Fire District services parts of Warwick as well as East Greenwich. _3._ The taxpayers of East Greenwich appropriate sums of money, as do other Kent County communities, for the support of the Kent County Memorial Hospital, a regional UNK _4._ The East Greenwich Free Library receives financial support from the town of East Greenwich and the City of Warwick to supplement its UNK _5._ UNK were put out last year to the City of Warwick, as reported in your newspapers, suggesting investigation of a common rubbish disposal area to service the UNK and UNK areas of Warwick along with East Greenwich. _6._ East Greenwich was one of the first Rhode Island towns to enter into contract agreement with the Rhode Island Development Council for planning services we could not provide for ourselves. _7._ The education program for retarded children conducted by the East Greenwich school system has pupils from at least one neighboring community. I feel compelled to write this because I am greatly concerned with the problem of community growth rate and the relation between types of growth in a town such as East Greenwich. I believe it is an area in which professional planners have failed to set adequate guide UNK and yet they cannot ignore this problem because it concerns the implementation of nearly all the planning programs they have UNK These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land UNK tell them when, where, and in what manner the community shall grow. We have far less to fear in the UNK family than we have in the UNK developer under these conditions. Until professional planners meet this situation squarely and UNK the concepts of UNK in a manner acceptable to the courts, I hope we in East Greenwich can continue to shape our own destiny. @ I would like very much, on behalf of my husband and myself, to send our eternal thanks to all the wonderful people responsible for the Gabrielle Fund. It is indeed true, as stated in the famous novel of our day, "For UNK the Bell UNK that "no man is an UNK entirely of itself; every man is a piece of the UNK a part of the UNK Thanks to the generosity of Mr& Irving J& UNK president of the Temple Beth UNK Rev& UNK UNK pastor of the UNK Street Methodist UNK Mr& Felix UNK of the Imperial UNK UNK and to Mrs& UNK UNK regional director of The National Conference of Christians and Jews, who asked them to serve as a committee for the UNK It is through them that we have become aware of the divine humanity in man, and therefore, that most people are UNK helpful and good. UNK you my friends, for it is through love and service that brotherhood becomes a reality. @ I am a sophomore at Mount UNK High UNK My future plans are to become a language teacher. Of course, having this UNK I am very interested in education. A few weeks ago, I read in the Bulletin that there were to be given Chinese classes in UNK The article also said that a person had to be 18 years old or over, and must not be going to high school to attend these classes. The following week, I read in the Sunday paper that the students of Russia begin European and Asian languages in the seventh grade. I wish you could see the situation as I see it. If Russian pupils have to take these languages, how come American students have a choice whether or not to take a language, but have to face so many UNK I do not think that America is like Russia, not in the UNK I am proud of my country, the small city I live in, my wonderful parents, my friends and my school; but I am also a young, able and willing girl who wants to study the Chinese language but is not old enough. Then people wonder why Russian pupils are more advanced than American students. Well, there lies your answer. @ At the height of the first UNK we had, it was impossible for me to get medical attention needed during an UNK However, the East Providence UNK UNK made its way through to my home in time of UNK UNK cannot tell of the UNK attention and comfort their service gave to me. The concern they felt for me was such as I shall never forget and for which I will always be grateful. The rescue squad is to be praised immensely for the fine work they do in all kinds of weather. Had they not gotten me to the hospital when they did, perhaps I would not be here to commend them at this time. Many thanks for a job well done. @ The Providence Sunday Journal article UNK UNK asking whether American taxpayers are being UNK by a gigantic UNK to pay for the care of war veterans who have non-service-connected UNK sounds as though The Providence Journal is desperate for news. Usually a veteran has to hang himself to get space on the front page. On the question of admission to Veterans Administration hospitals of UNK and non-service-connected disabled UNK it must be recognized that there are many men who are greatly affected by war service. It can manifest itself before discharge from service, or it can come out years later. There is one other point we should never lose sight of: Many veterans who enter ~VA hospitals as UNK cases later qualify as UNK No psychiatrist could tell me that the experience in a war can not have its effect in the ensuing years. The arguments advanced by those individuals and groups who oppose the system in force and who would drastically curtail or do away entirely with hospital care for the non-service-connected case, seem to be UNK impractical and UNK with the wishes of the general public. I believe in priority for UNK disabled veterans in admission to ~VA hospitals. But I don't believe we should close the door on UNK patients. This matter is of great importance, and the outcome may mean the difference between life or death, or at least serious UNK for many UNK Some critics say that the length of stay in a hospital is too long. There's a reason for this length of UNK First of all, the admitting physician in the ~VA hospital gets the patient as a new patient. He has no experience with this UNK previous medical record. If the doctor is conscientious, he wants to study the patient. As a result, it takes a little longer than it would on the outside where the family physician knows about the patient. Secondly, the ~VA physician knows that when the patient leaves the hospital, he is no longer going to have a chance to visit his patient. So he keeps the veteran in until he can observe the effects of treatment or UNK The American public must be presented with the facts concerning ~VA UNK The public should understand that whether they support a state hospital or a ~VA hospital, the tax dollar has to be paid one way or the other. The responsibility is still going to be there whether they pay for a ~VA hospital or the tax dollar is spent for the state hospital. An adequate system of ~VA hospitals is better equipped to care for the veterans than any 50 state hospitals. @ It seems that open season upon UNK UNK is once more upon us. The American Medical Association is once again grinding out its UNK propaganda based upon the high cost of the Veterans Administration medical program to the American taxpayer. Do they, the UNK offer any solution other than outright abolition of a medical system UNK anywhere in the world? We veterans acknowledge the fact that as time passes the demand for medical care at ~VA hospitals will grow proportionately as age fosters illness. Nevertheless, we wonder at the stand of the UNK on the health problem confronting the UNK They opposed the UNK bill, which would have placed the major burden of financial support upon the individual himself through compulsory payroll UNK yet they supported the Eisenhower administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars UNK incidentally by a federal UNK to UNK UNK UNK UNK _CHICAGO, AUG& 9_- No doubt there have been moments during every Presidency when the man in the White House has had feelings of frustration, UNK UNK and even UNK This we can sympathetically understand. But no President ever before referred to his as a UNK UNK UNK Walter UNK recently quoted President Kennedy as doing in conversation with Sen& UNK UNK During his aggressive campaign to win his present position, Mr& Kennedy was UNK about this country's UNK abroad. What does he think a remark like this UNK one does to our prestige and UNK If the President of the United States really feels he won himself a UNK UNK then heaven help us all. @ UNK UNK UNK UNK AUG& UNK Defense Secretary Robert S& UNK has asked Congress for authority and funds to build fallout shelters costing about 200 million dollars. Why should Congress even consider allowing such a sum for that which can give no UNK Top scientists have warned that an area hit by an atomic missile of massive power would be engulfed in a UNK fire storm which would persist for a long time. The scientists have also warned that no life above ground or UNK sheltered or UNK could be expected to survive in an area at least 50 miles in diameter. This sum spent for foreign economic aid, the peace corps, food for peace, or any other program to solve the problems of the underdeveloped countries would be an investment that would pay off in world peace, increased world trade, and prosperity for every country on the globe. Let us prepare for peace, instead of for a war which would mean the end of civilization. @ UNK UNK ON THE UNK _CHICAGO, AUG& 4_- It seems college isn't what it should be. I refer to the attire worn by the students. Upon a visit to a local junior college last week, I was shocked to see the young ladies wearing short UNK and the young men wearing UNK UNK Is this what our children are to come face to face with when they are ready for college in a few UNK Education should be UNK in their minds, but with this attire how can anyone think it is so? It looks more like they are going to play at the beach instead of taking lessons on UNK themselves. High school students have more sense of the way to dress than college students. Many high school students go past my house every day, and they look like perfect ladies and UNK No matter how hot the day, they are dressed properly and not in UNK @ UNK UNK _CHICAGO, AUG& 9_- The granting of the UNK UNK award August 13 to Senator Paul Douglas is a bitter example of misleading UNK Douglas has consistently voted to aid the people who killed UNK and against principles UNK died to UNK Douglas has voted for aid to Communists and for the destruction of individual freedom UNK housing, foreign aid, UNK @ UNK FROM UNK UNK UNK AUG& UNK In today's UNK the ~CTA is urged to reduce UNK for senior citizens. UNK costs have increased the difficulties of the UNK and I would be the last to say they should not receive consideration. But why is it the special responsibility of the ~CTA to help these people? Why should ~CTA regular riders subsidize reduced transportation for old people any more than the people who drive their own cars or walk to work UNK The welfare of citizens, old and young, is the responsibility of the community, not only of that part of it that rides the UNK ~CTA UNK already subsidize transportation for school children, policemen, and UNK @ UNK UNK _CHICAGO, AUG& 9_- In reply to a letter in today's UNK urging the sale of meat after 6 p& m&, I wish to state the other side of the story. I am the wife of the owner of a small, independent meat market. My husband's hours away from home for the past years have been from 7 UNK m& to 7 p& m& the early part of the week, and as late as 8 or 9 on UNK Now he is apparently expected to give up his UNK and UNK too, for this is coming. There is a trend to packaging meat at a central source, freezing it, and shipping it to UNK stores, where meat cutters will not be required. If a customer wishes a special cut, it will not be available. We are slowly being UNK to having everything UNK whether we want it or not. Most women, in this age of UNK shop for the entire week on UNK when prices are lower. Also, many working wives have children or husbands who take over the shopping chores for them. Independent market owners work six days a UNK and my husband hasn't had a vacation in 14 years. No, we are not UNK But if we closed the store for a UNK we would lose our customers to the chain stores in the next block. The meat UNK union, which has a history of being one of the UNK and least corrupt in our area, represents the little corner markets as well as the large UNK What it is trying to do is to protect the little man, too, as well as trying to maintain a flow of fresh meat to all stores, with choice of cut being made by the UNK not the store. @ #THE UNK UNK AND UNK UNK _CHICAGO, AUG& 9_- I, too, congratulate the American UNK of which I am proud to have been a member for more than 40 years, on the recent state UNK I regret that Bertha UNK UNK UNK obtained incorrect information. Had I been granted the floor on a point of personal UNK the matter she raised would have been UNK The resolution under discussion at the convention was to require the boards of election to instruct judges to properly display the American flag. UNK under the jurisdiction of the Chicago board of election commissioners are instructed to do this. The resolution further asked that polling place proprietors UNK an attachment to their premises for the display of the flag. It was my desire to advise the membership of the Legion that the majority of polling places are on private property and, without an amendment to the law, we could not enforce this. My discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and polling place proprietors who make available their private UNK and not by UNK criticize them. At no time did I attempt to seek approval or UNK for the members of the Chicago board of election commissioners for the discharge of their duties. @ UNK THE UNK _CHICAGO, AUG& 7_- The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children wishes to commend the recent announcement by the Catholic charities of the UNK of Chicago and UNK university of the establishment of the Institute for Special Education at the university for the training of teachers for physically handicapped and mentally retarded children. In these days of serious shortage of properly trained teachers qualified to teach physically handicapped and mentally handicapped children, the establishment of such an institute will be a major contribution to the field. The Illinois Commission for Handicapped UNK which for 20 years has had the responsibility of UNK the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children, of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois, and of promoting more adequate services for them, indeed UNK this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children. @ UNK UNK UNK UNK AUG& 7_- I just want to let you know how much I enjoyed your June 25 article on UNK and to thank you for it. UNK do put more pictures and articles in about UNK as he is truly one of our greatest entertainers and a really wonderful person. @ #MORE UNK LESS UNK _CHICAGO, AUG& 7_- Is this, perhaps, one of the things that is wrong with our country? Engineering graduates of Illinois Institute of UNK are reported receiving the highest average starting salaries in the school's history- UNK a month. My son, who has completed two years in engineering school, has a summer job on a construction project as an unskilled UNK At a rate of UNK an hour he is now earning approximately UNK a month. UNK is it not, that after completing years of costly scientific training he will receive a cut in pay from what he is receiving as an ordinary unskilled UNK @ #THE UNK CASE# UNK comment on this letter appears elsewhere on this UNK _WASHINGTON, AUG& 4_- Your July 26 editorial regarding the position of Attorney General Robert F& Kennedy on prospective tax relief for du Pont stockholders is based on an erroneous statement of fact. As a result, your criticism of Attorney General Robert F& Kennedy and the department of justice was UNK UNK and UNK The editorial concerned legislative proposals to ease the tax burden on du Pont stockholders, in connection with the United States Supreme court ruling that du Pont must UNK itself of its extensive General Motors stock UNK These proposals would reduce the amount of tax that du Pont stockholders might have to UNK from an estimated UNK billion dollars under present law to as little as UNK million dollars. Congressman UNK D& Mills, chairman of the House UNK and Means UNK asked the department of justice for its views on these legislative proposals as they related to anti-trust law UNK The attorney general responded by letter dated July UNK UNK of this letter were made UNK to the press and public. In this letter, Mr& Kennedy made it clear that he limited his comment only to one UNK what effect the legislative proposals might have on future anti-trust judgments. There are a number of other considerations besides this one but it is for the Congress, not the department of justice, to balance these various considerations and make a judgment about legislation. Yet your editorial said: "Now the attorney general writes that no considerations UNK any loss of revenue of this UNK What Mr& Kennedy, in fact, wrote was: "It is the department's view that no UNK UNK considerations justify any loss of revenue of this UNK The editorial, by omitting the words UNK UNK totally distorted Mr& Kennedy's views. The headline is UNK particularly in view of the total UNK of the UNK @ UNK UNK UNK AUG& 7_- I concur most heartily with today's letter on the futility of writing to Sen& UNK and Sen& UNK But when you write to UNK Church, bless her heart, your letter is answered fully and completely. Should she UNK she explains why in detail. When she agrees, you can rest assured her position will remain unchanged. I think we have the hardest working, best representative in Congress. UNK UNK UNK UNK AUG& UNK A recent news story reported that Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin delayed UNK airplane passengers 10 minutes in London while they finished their UNK They do our country great harm by such actions. Those in the public eye should be good examples of American citizens while abroad. The plane should have started at the scheduled time and left Sinatra and Martin to UNK @ UNK UNK UNK AUG& UNK UNK socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries. In UNK UNK toward which America is UNK private enterprise retains the ownership title to industries but government thru direct intervention and excessive regulations actually controls them. In order to attract new industries, 15 states or more are UNK tax free bonds to build government owned plants which are UNK to private enterprise. This is a step toward overt socialism. UNK bonds for plant construction has brought new industries to certain regions. UNK OF THE UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- We are writing in reference to a recent UNK made to the staff of the Public Health UNK Service of Jersey City UNK professional nurses with college background and varying UNK The day before Election Day, to which we are entitled as a legal holiday, we were informed to report to our respective polls to work as UNK of the UNK Being ethical and professional people interested in community health and UNK we felt this wasn't a function of our position. Such tactics UNK of UNK As we understand, this UNK was given to all city and county employes. To our knowledge no nurse in our agency has been employed because of political UNK We, therefore, considered the UNK an insult to our intelligence, ethics, Bill of UNK etc&. Our only obligation for this day is to vote, free of UNK for the person we feel is capable in directing the public. This is our UNK not as nurses or city UNK but as citizens of the United States. @ UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- I read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shelter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters. Does this man live in a neighborhood where all are free UNK unwilling to help themselves, but ready to demand that "the community" help and protect them? Community shelters are, of course, necessary for those having no space for shelter. If in a town of 2,000 private homes, half of them have shelters, the need for the community shelters will be reduced to that extent. In designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man from planning to shelter that UNK UNK UNK so he will be able to take in a stranger. I hope the man who plans to sit on his hands until the emergency comes will have a change of heart, will get busy and be the first member of our UNK shelter club. @ UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- People continue to inquire the reason for the race for outer space. It's simple enough from my point of view. I am for it. It is the only method left for a man to escape from a woman's world. @ UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- When the colonies decided upon freedom from England, we insisted, through the Declaration of Independence, that the nations of the world recognize us as a separate political UNK It is high time the United States began to realize that the UNK rights of men set forth in that document are applicable today to Katanga. In the United Nations Charter, the right of self-determination is also an essential principle. This, again, applies to Katanga. The people of Katanga had fought for, and obtained, their freedom from the Communist UNK of UNK UNK and his UNK By political, economic, geographic and natural standards, they were justified in doing so. The United States and the U&N& denounce their own principles when they defend the Communist UNK and refuse to acknowledge the right of self-determination of the UNK @ UNK COLLEGE UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- UNK me to commend your editorial in which you stress the fact that a program of county colleges will substantially increase local tax burdens and that taxpayers have a right to a clear idea of what such a program would commit them to. The bill which passed the Assembly last May and is now pending in the Senate should be given careful scrutiny. The procedure for determining the amounts of money to be spent by county colleges and raised by taxation will certainly UNK many taxpayers. Under the proposal the members of the board of trustees of a county college will be UNK none will be elected. The trustees will prepare an annual budget for the college and submit it to the board of school UNK This board will consist of two of the trustees of the college, and the director and two members of the board of UNK It will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of UNK which UNK appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be UNK UNK and collected in the same manner as UNK appropriated for other UNK The approval of only three members of the board of school estimate is required to certify the amount of money to be allotted to the college. Since two of these could be trustees of the college, actually it would be necessary to have the consent of only one elected official to impose a levy of millions of dollars of tax revenue. This is taxation without representation. @ UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- Your editorial, UNK UNK is certainly not the answer to our slum problems. The very rules and regulations in every city are the primary case of slum conditions. UNK our taxing law so that no tax shall be charged to any owner for additions or improvements to his properties. Then see what a boom in all trades, as well as slum clearance at no cost to UNK will happen. Our entire economy will have a terrific UNK @ UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- An old man is kicked to death by UNK The medical examiner states that death was due to UNK causes". I once heard a UNK say that if you are killed by a UNK in New York, it is listed as UNK due to natural causes". @ UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- Every resident of this city should visit the Newark Museum and see the exhibit "Our UNK Skyline in UNK It will be at the museum until March 30. It is a revelation of what has been done, what is being done and what will be done in Newark as shown by UNK plans, models and pictures. It shows what a beautiful city Newark will become and certainly make every UNK proud of this city. It should also make him desire to participate actively in UNK school and religious life of the community so that that phase of Newark will live up to the challenge presented by this UNK @ UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- I hasten to join in praise of the men in the toll UNK on the Garden State UNK Recently I traveled the UNK from East Orange to Cape May and I found the most UNK group of men you will find anywhere. One even gave my little dog a UNK It was very UNK @ UNK UNK UNK The viewers of the UNK UNK UNK at 15th and ~M streets UNK have an added UNK the view of a UNK UNK UNK Twenty feet below the street level in the excavation of the new motel to be constructed on this site, a black UNK deposit has been encountered. This is a black swamp clay in which about one hundred million years ago UNK trees were growing. The UNK remains of many of these trees are found embedded in the clay. Some of the stumps are as much as three feet long, but most of them have been flattened by the pressure of the UNK UNK Although the wood has been changed to UNK much of it still retains its original cell structure. In the clay are UNK millions of pollen grains and UNK which came from plants growing in the region at the time. These UNK indicate the swamp was UNK during the Lower UNK period when UNK were at their UNK and when the first flowering plants were just UNK The 15th Street deposit is not to be confused with the nearby famous UNK Hotel UNK swamp on 17th Street reported in <The Washington Post>, August 2, 1955, which was probably formed during the second UNK period and is therefore much UNK @ UNK FOR UNK Recently the secretary of the Friends Committee on National UNK was interviewed on the air. While I respect his sincere concern for peace, he made four points that I would like to question. _1._ He said, "Let's work for peace instead of protection from UNK I would ask, "Why not do UNK Military power does not cause war; war is the result of mistrust and lack of understanding between people. Are we not late, especially those of us who call ourselves UNK in doing enough about this lack of UNK _2._ As to protection, the speaker disapproved of shelters, pointing out that fallout shelters would not save everyone. Is this a reason for saving no UNK Would the man with an empty life boat row away from a UNK because his boat could not pick up everyone? _3._ The speaker suggested that the UNK of a post-attack world would be too awful to face. If the world comes to this, wouldn't it be the very time when courage and American UNK would be needed to help survivors UNK Many of our young people think it would. _4._ UNK the speaker UNK our organized program of emergency help calling it UNK UNK In 1950, Public Law UNK created Civil Defense UNK from UNK of World War UNK a responsibility of the Government at all levels to help reduce loss of life and property in disaster, natural or UNK Far from creating fear, as the speaker suggests, UNK knowing what to do in an UNK gives people confidence. Civil Defense has far to go and many problems to UNK but is it not in the best spirit of our pioneer tradition to be not only UNK but prepared to care for our own families and help our neighbors in any UNK storm, UNK accident or even war? @ UNK IN UNK It seems rather peculiar that residents of apartments are denied the right of providing themselves with the protection and UNK of dogs. I feel that few UNK would be prone to break and enter into someone's apartment if they were met with a good hardy UNK that a dog would provide. In addition, would not the young female public of Washington be afforded a greater degree of protection at night when they are on the streets if they were accompanied by a dog on a UNK I grant that the dog may not be really UNK based on his training, but if you were UNK the streets looking for a purse to UNK or a young lady to UNK how quick would you be to attack a person strolling with a UNK I would like to suggest that the UNK and Commissioners get together and consider UNK the practice of prohibiting dogs in apartments. @ UNK UNK Use the terraces of the Capitol for a sidewalk UNK Could Senator Humphrey be serious in his UNK Is nothing in this country more sacred than the UNK UNK Perhaps the idea of sidewalk cafes could be UNK The Lincoln and Jefferson UNK are rather UNK Why not put a cafe in each so the tourists would not have to travel too far to UNK UNK the cafes might not make enough money to support themselves during the off season. As an added suggestion to balance the budget, the Government could sell advertising space on the Washington UNK It is visible throughout the city, and men from Madison UNK would jump at the chance. @ #@# Sen& Hubert Humphrey is obviously a man with a soul and heart. He, like most of us, wants to be able to sit, to contemplate and be moved by the great outdoors. Let us have more benches and fewer forbidden areas around fountains and gardens. Let us, like the French, have outdoor cafes where we may relax, converse at leisure and enjoy the passing crowd. @ UNK UNK OF UNK Two strong UNK from the majority report of the Joint Economic Committee UNK 2) by Senators UNK and UNK UNK that the New Deal fiscal policy of the Thirties did not work. #FOR A UNK UNK @ UNK UNK TO UNK UNK OF UNK UNK @ _TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:_ For the first time in history the entire world is dominated by two large, powerful nations armed with murderous nuclear weapons that make conventional warfare of the past a UNK The United States and Soviet Russia have enough nuclear weapons to destroy all nations. Recent statements by well-known scientists regarding the destructive power of the newest nuclear bombs and the deadly UNK should be sufficient to still the voices of those who advocate nuclear warfare instead of negotiations. President Kennedy was right when he said, "We shall never negotiate out of fear and we never shall fear to UNK I have just returned from a UNK trip to Europe and the Far East. It is quite evident that the people of Western Europe are overwhelmingly opposed to participation in a nuclear war. The fact is that the UNK French and British know that they have no defense against nuclear bombs. We have no right to criticize them, as they realize they would be sitting UNK in a nuclear war. We should stand firmly and courageously for our right to free access into Berlin. It would be criminal UNK if the Communists tried to prevent us. But there is nothing we can do to stop Soviet Russia from granting de UNK recognition to East Germany. Soviet Russia has been invaded twice by German troops in a generation. In the last war Russia lost more than ten million killed and its lands and factories were UNK UNK UNK The truth is that Communist Russia fears the UNK of German UNK Berlin is merely being used by Moscow as a UNK horse. Actually, the Communists, out of fear of a united and armed Germany, would probably be willing to agree to a disarmed Germany that would be united and neutral and have its independence guaranteed by the U& UNK If the Communists are sincere in wanting a UNK neutral and disarmed Germany, it might well be advantageous for the German people in this nuclear age. It could provide security without cost of armaments and increase German prosperity and lessen UNK France and other Western European nations likewise fear a UNK Germany. If the German people favor such a settlement we should not oppose Germany following the example of UNK President Kennedy has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called UNK UNK which has many UNK Why not make a beginning with a united and disarmed Germany whose UNK and immunity from nuclear bombing would be guaranteed by the Big Four powers and the United UNK A united Germany, freed of UNK might be the first step toward disarmament and peace in a UNK and tortured world. @ UNK U& N& UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:_ In your editorial of Sept& 30 "The UNK UNK you make the following UNK UNK too many states are following the Russian example in refusing to pay their UNK It is up to the Assembly to take action against them. They are violating their Charter UNK the prescribed penalty for which is suspension of membership or UNK I would like to quote from the Charter of the United UNK UNK 17, Section UNK The General Assembly shall consider and approve the budget of the Organization. UNK UNK The expenses of the Organization shall be borne by the Members as apportioned by the General UNK UNK UNK A Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years". The U& S& S& R& and her followers are careful in paying their obligations to the regular budget. But they UNK as do the UNK states, to support the United Nations' expenses of maintaining the United Nations Emergency Force in the Middle East as a buffer between Egypt and UNK and the U& N& troops in the Congo, which expenses are not covered by the regular budget of the United Nations, but by a special budget. According to the official interpretation of the Charter, a member cannot be UNK by not having the right to vote in the General Assembly for UNK of financial obligations to the UNK United Nations' UNK and of course cannot be expelled from the Organization (which you suggested in your UNK due to the fact that there is no provision in the Charter for UNK @ #TO UNK UNK UNK @ UNK UNK UNK HELD UNK UNK UNK UNK @ _TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:_ In your Sept& 27 editorial appraisal of the work of the First UNK of the UNK Congress you referred to the lack of UNK of destiny in a time of acute national and world UNK Yet your list of things left undone did not include repeal of the Connally amendment to this country's domestic jurisdiction reservation to its UNK to the UNK of the International Court of UNK The Connally amendment says that the United States, rather than the court, shall determine whether a matter is essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of the United States in a case before the World Court to which the United States is a party. If the case is thus determined by us to be UNK the court has no jurisdiction. Since the Connally amendment has the effect of giving the same right to the other party to a dispute with the United States, it also prevents us from using the court UNK Yet although the Kennedy Administration, and the Eisenhower Administration before it, have both declared themselves solidly for repeal of the Connally UNK as contrary to our best interests, no action has yet been UNK Our UNK in these perilous times should be to lead strongly in the pursuit of peace, with justice, under law. To achieve this UNK acts as well as words are needed- not only acts that lead to physical strength but also acts that lead to strength based on right doing and respect. What better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the Connally UNK an act which could expose the United States to no practical risk yet would put an end to our UNK attitude toward the court, enable us to utilize it, and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and UNK We believe that the list of vital things left undone to date by the UNK Congress should have included repeal by the Senate of the Connally UNK @ #FOR UNK UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:_ Many UNK subway riders utilizing the UNK Street express are daily confronted with the sight of the local departing from the Woodside station as their express comes to a UNK leaving them stranded and UNK To the UNK of thousands who must transfer to ride to UNK Street and change for the UNK this takes a daily toll of time and UNK The UNK Authority has recently placed in operation UNK lights at UNK UNK and UNK Street stations in UNK This UNK the local until the express passengers change UNK Without question, this time and temper UNK should be immediately installed at the Woodside station. @ UNK UNK CRITICIZED# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:_ As a business man I have to use the telephone UNK from three to four hours a day. In the last few years the telephone company has managed to UNK many areas of their service. It has not been any great mental effort on my part to keep up with this mechanization which has brought about new ways of UNK However, there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone operators. I have been absolutely shocked at the UNK of the young ladies who are servicing UNK calls, special UNK calls, etc&. Either it is lack of training, lack of proper UNK when UNK lack of management or possibly lack of interest on the part of the telephone company, which does have a UNK monopoly. UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ I disagree with the writer who says funeral services should be UNK The funeral for my husband was just what I wanted and I paid a fair price, far less than I had expected to pay. But the hospitals and doctors should be. @ UNK UNK CHILDREN# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Recently I visited the very remarkable UNK School for retarded children. UNK Park UNK its recreation center, five days a week, to the school. There is no charge and no state aid. UNK American Legion and other groups donate small sums and the mothers do what they can to bring in dollars for its support. There are 70 children there and the mothers donate one day a week to the school. UNK writing and simple arithmetic are taught along with such UNK as working in UNK They make beautiful objects. Enough trading UNK were collected to buy a UNK station UNK UNK schools furnish an old UNK bus (the heater in which needs repair since some of the children ride a long distance and need the UNK The school is located at UNK Mile road, UNK Heights. UNK are welcome to come see what these dedicated mothers can do. @ UNK FOR UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ I was surprised at Mayor UNK defeat, but perhaps UNK UNK can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago. Maybe he can clean out the white elephants in some of the city departments such as welfare, UNK and UNK UNK in garbage and rubbish collections and UNK cleaning is great. He should put the police back to UNK and walking the streets at night. There should be better bus service and all of our city departments and their various branches need a general and complete UNK Our UNK ordinances are not enforced and I have yet to read of a conviction in a UNK case. UNK truck drivers in the city departments should be UNK out. UNK the city employes to give real service to the public. After all, they are paid by the public, they should be examples. @ UNK UNK NEWS UNK ARE UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ At a recent meeting of the Women's Association of the UNK UNK United Presbyterian Church, considerable use was made of material from The Detroit News on the King James version of the New Testament versus the New English Bible. Some members of the organization called attention also to the article on hymns of UNK the Daily UNK and Three UNK a Day, as being very helpful. We feel that The Detroit News is to be UNK upon arranging for articles on these subjects and we hope that it will continue to provide material along wholesome lines. @ UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ UNK you for the article by George UNK on the public apathy to UNK How old do you have to be to remember when Americans, especially children, were encouraged to be UNK Why has this form of UNK gone out of American life? How can we UNK parents, who still feel that adults are due some respect from children, battle the new type of advertising that appears on ~TV without denying the children the use of television UNK Writers of ads must get their inspiration from the attitude of UNK parents they have observed. From necessity, they are also inspired by the UNK attitude of the UNK so, finally, it is the sponsor who must take the responsibility for the good or bad taste of his UNK @ UNK UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ I commend Senator Hart for his brave fight to establish a national park in the UNK area. UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ I just wish to congratulate Inspector UNK and his efficient police troops in cleaning the city of those horrible automobiles. We have now a quiet city, fewer automobiles, less UNK and fewer retail customers shopping in center city. Good for Mr& UNK Maybe he will help to turn our fair city into a UNK town. @ UNK BIG UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ I worked on the Schuylkill Expressway and if it had not been for the big trucks carrying rock and concrete there wouldn't be an UNK Without these massive trucks highways would still be just an idea of the future. Mr& George Hough UNK 30) sounds like a business man who UNK until the last minute to leave his home or shop. The trucks today help pay for this UNK They try to keep within the speed limits. Although today's trucks are as fast as passenger cars, a truck driver has to be a sensible person and guard against UNK the road. @ UNK OF UNK AT UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ The letter writer who suggested saving money by taking kids out of school at 14 should have signed his letter UNK instead of UNK Such kids only wind up among the UNK on relief or in jail where they become a much bigger UNK There are lots of jobs available for trained high school UNK but not for the UNK What we need is more vocational training in high schools, not more UNK @ #TWO UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ I suppose I am missing some elementary point but I honestly cannot see how two wrongs can make a UNK I am referring to this country conducting atmosphere tests of nuclear bombs just because Russia is. Will our bombs be cleaner or will their fallout be less harmful to future generations of UNK If an atom bomb in 1945 could destroy an entire city surely the atomic UNK we now have is more than adequate to fulfill any military objective required of it. As I see it, if war starts and we survive the initial attack enough to be able to fight back, the nuclear weapons we now UNK at least the UNK can UNK all the UNK that is necessary. Why do we need bigger and better UNK I repeat, two wrongs do not make a right. @ UNK UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ Everyone should take time to read Martin UNK UNK "A UNK UNK Is Our God". Especially the first half of the third UNK @ @ UNK OF THE UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ To our everlasting shame, we led the world in this nuclear arms race sixteen years ago when we dropped the first bombs on Hiroshima and UNK Having led the world in this mad race I pray that we may have the wisdom and courage to lead it out of the race. Are we to be the master of the atom, or will the atom be our UNK and destroy UNK @ #WHY UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ Just because UNK UNK new boss of British UNK was educated in the United States is no reason to think he isn't a UNK We have quite a few UNK specimens of our own. If we go all UNK over this newest Castro UNK he proves he UNK we've got rocks in our heads. How many times must we get burned before we UNK @ UNK AND UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ Just to remind the Communists that the bombs dropped on Japan were to end a war not start one. The war could have continued many years with many thousands killed on both sides. UNK people will admit that bombs and rockets of destruction are frightening whether they fall on Japan, London or Pearl Harbor. That is why the United Nations was formed so that intelligent men with good intentions from all countries could meet and solve problems without resorting to war. Russia has showed its intentions by exploding bombs in peace time to try to UNK the world. Why aren't the Soviets expelled from the UNK @ UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ While UNK late than UNK may have certain UNK the UNK award of the Nobel Prize for Peace to the late Dag Hammarskjold strikes me as less than a satisfactory expression of appreciation. Had it been bestowed while the Secretary General of the United Nations was living, unquestionably he would have been greatly encouraged in pursuing a difficult and, in many ways, UNK task. According to one report, however, Mr& Hammarskjold was considered "too UNK a figure to warrant bestowal of the UNK honor last spring. Actually, of course, that label UNK applied only because he was carrying out the mandate given him by the world organization he headed rather than following the dictates of the Soviet Union. At Khrushchev's door, therefore, can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who permitted themselves to be UNK It is well for us to remember that a wreath on a UNK never can UNK for flowers withheld while they still can be UNK As has happened so often in the past, the ability to recognize true greatness has been inadequate and UNK @ UNK TO UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ Just a brief note of appreciation to Vice President Johnson and UNK UNK driver UNK UNK for providing a first-class example of UNK to people" good will. If only this could be done more UNK with such heartening UNK many of the earth's "big UNK would shrink to the UNK they really are. P& S&. Thanks for your good coverage of UNK UNK UNK @ UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ Your continuing editorials concerning the Schuylkill Expressway are UNK however, several pertinent considerations deserve recognition. One of the problems associated with the UNK stems from the basic idea. We shuffle a large percentage of the cars across the river twice. They start on the East side of the UNK have to cross over to the West to use the UNK and cross over again to the East at their UNK Bridges, tunnels and UNK are the most common methods of river UNK Each one of these is, by its nature, a focal point or a point of natural UNK We should avoid these UNK points or, putting it another way, keep cars starting and ending on the East side of the UNK on the East side. This can be accomplished by several logical UNK _(1)_ UNK the East River Drive at least one lane. _(2)_ So widen it as to minimize the present curves and eliminate drainage problems. _(3)_ UNK continuous lane stripes and install overhead directional lights as on our UNK One additional lane would then be directional with the traffic burden and effectively increase the traffic carrying capability of the East River Drive by fifty percent. _(4)_ This could be accomplished without the tremendous expenditures necessitated by the Schuylkill Expressway and without destroying the natural beauty of the East River UNK @ UNK OVER UNK SQUARE# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ I wish to advocate two drastic changes in Washington UNK _1._ Take away George Washington's UNK _2._ UNK it with the statue of one or another of the world's famous UNK There's no sense in being reminded of times that were. Washington Square seems not part of a free land. It may remind one of Russia, China or East UNK but it can't remind one of the freedom that Washington and the Continental soldiers fought for. The UNK Park Commission will no doubt approve my two proposals, because it is responsible for the change of ideological atmosphere in the Square. The matter may seem a small thing to some people, I know, but it's a very good start on the road to UNK **h The Commission has posted signs in Washington Square saying: {The UNK of Birds is UNK in This UNK UNK Park Commission> Does each UNK of the UNK of City Government reach out and UNK at whatever it UNK or considers an UNK If birds don't belong in a Square or Park, what UNK They are the most beautiful part of that little piece of UNK The trees are their UNK but the Commission does not share such UNK The whole official City apparently has an intense hatred toward birds. UNK and UNK are scared off by UNK from City Hall. Just a preliminary measure. If any are left, UNK we may expect to see signs specifically UNK the feeding of them too. The City Government is not united in an UNK UNK drive to stamp out gangs, UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Indeed no. Let every policeman and park guard keep his eye on John and Jane UNK lest one piece of bread be placed UNK and one bird survive. Of course, in this small way of forcing the people to watch as tiny and innocent and dependent creatures die because we're afraid to feed them and afraid to protest and say "How UNK What's your UNK UNK wants this deed UNK in this small way do the leaders of a city, or of a nation, UNK the masses to UNK or even UNK UNK and death, upon even their fellow men. One means to help the birds occurs to UNK Let the UNK that ring over Washington Square twice daily, UNK any piece of music but one. Let them offer on behalf of those creatures whose melody has been the joy of mankind since time began, the hymn UNK With UNK We will know, and He will know, to whom it is UNK what the birds would UNK @ @ UNK UNK BUT UNK _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ There is a trend today to UNK the fact that Americans are too UNK Unfortunately, those who would remedy our UNK seek to do so with UNK They are working on the wrong part of our UNK It is not our bodies but our hearts and heads that have grown too UNK UNK of our wealth and power, afraid of so-called world opinion and addicted to peace, we have allowed our UNK to lead to UNK policies. When we become firm enough to stand for those ideals which we know to be right, when we become hard enough to refuse to aid nations which do not permit self-determination, when we become strong enough to resist any more drifts towards socialism in our own UNK when we recognize that our enemy is Communism not war, and when we realize that concessions to Communists do not insure peace or freedom, then, and only then will we no longer be UNK America doesn't need to UNK she needs to stand UNK @ UNK UNK UNK BUSINESS UNK UNK _TO THE EDITOR:_ The new column by Maurice UNK regarding business UNK is fair and accurate in most respects and his solution to the problem has some merit. However, he states unequivocally "the scandals in business are far less significant than the scandals in UNK I must, in UNK take issue with his UNK primarily because the so-called scandals in labor unions were very much connected with business UNK The area most prominently commented on during the McClellan hearings had to do with UNK UNK These arrangements would have been impossible if the business community was truly interested in the welfare of its employes. A sweetheart arrangement can come about as often by employers doing the corrupting as by UNK labor leaders demanding UNK Anyone familiar with the details of the McClellan hearings must at once realize that the sweetheart arrangements augmented employer profits far more than they augmented the earnings of the corruptible labor leaders. Further, it should be recalled that some very definite steps were taken by Congress to combat corruption in the labor movement by its passage of the UNK Act. UNK UNK UNK The nuclear war is already being fought, except that the bombs are not being dropped on enemy UNK not yet. It is being fought, moreover, in fairly close correspondence with the UNK of the UNK of the think factories. They predicted UNK and escalation is what we are UNK The biggest nuclear device the United States has exploded measured some 15 megatons, although our UNK are said to be carrying two UNK bombs UNK Some time ago, however, Mr& Khrushchev decided that when bigger bombs were made, the Soviet Union would make them. He seems to have at least a few UNK and 50-megaton bombs on hand, since we cannot assume that he has exploded his entire stock. And now, of course, the UNK and cry for UNK is being raised on our side. Khrushchev threatens us with a UNK UNK So be it- then we must embark on a crash program for UNK bombs of the common or hydrogen variety, and UNK bombs, which do not exist but are said to be the coming thing. So escalation UNK ad UNK or, more accurately, until the contestants begin dropping them on each other instead of on their respective proving grounds. What is needed, Philip Morrison writes in <The Cornell Daily UNK UNK UNK is a UNK The escalation must end UNK and probably quite soon. "Only a discontinuity can end it", Professor Morrison UNK "The discontinuity can either be that of war to UNK or that of diplomatic UNK Morrison points out that since our country is more UNK than the Soviet Union or Red China, it is the most vulnerable of the great UNK Europe of course must be written off out of hand. He feels, therefore, that to seek a discontinuity in the arms policy of the United States is the least UNK path our government can take. His proposal is opposed to that of Richard Nixon, Governor UNK past chairmen UNK and UNK of the Atomic Energy Commission, Dr& Edward Teller and those others now enjoying their hour of triumph in the exacerbation of the cold war. These gentlemen are calling for a resumption of UNK in the UNK on the greatest possible scale, all in the name of national security. UNK is their first love and their UNK they will be faithful unto death. UNK as their minds may be in some UNK these guardians of the nation's security are incapable of learning, or even of UNK If this capacity had not failed them, they would see that their enemy has made a disastrous UNK He has gained only one thing- he has exploded a 50-megaton bomb and he probably has rockets with sufficient thrust to UNK it over the shorter intercontinental ranges. But if his purpose was to inspire terror, his action could hardly have UNK more UNK Not terror, but anger and resentment have been the general reaction outside the Soviet sphere. Khrushchev himself is reported to be concerned by the surge of UNK he has UNK yet our own nuclear statesmen seem intent on following compulsively in his UNK When one powerful nation strives to UNK the success of another, it is only natural. Thus, when the Russians sent up their first UNK American UNK was human enough, and American determination to put American satellites into orbit was perfectly understandable. But to imitate an opponent when he has made the mistake of his life would be a new high in UNK UNK #THE UNK UNK When East Germans fled to the West by the UNK UNK of joy rose from the UNK of Western UNK They are less vocal now, when it is the West UNK who are UNK The flood is not as UNK only 700 a week according to one apparently conservative UNK but it is UNK West Berlin morale is low and, in age distribution, the situation is UNK Nearly 18 per cent of West Berlin's UNK residents are sixty-five or older, only UNK per cent are under UNK R& H& S& UNK UNK writing in <The Manchester UNK states that departures from West Berlin are now running at the rate not of UNK but of UNK a week, and applications to leave have risen to UNK a week. The official statistics show that 60 per cent are employed workers or independent professional people. UNK families are moving and removal firms are booked for months ahead. The weekly loss is partly UNK by 500 UNK each week from West Germany, but the hard truth, says UNK is that "The closing off of East Berlin without interference from the West and with the use only of East German, as distinct from Russian, troops was a major Communist victory, which dealt West Berlin a UNK possibly a UNK UNK The gallant UNK is dying on its UNK Another piece of evidence appears in a dispatch from Bonn in the <Observer> UNK Mark UNK writes: "People are leaving UNK UNK because they think it is UNK They are leaving so fast that the president of the West German UNK Federation issued an appeal this week to factory workers in the West to volunteer for six months' UNK work in factories in West Berlin. Berlin's UNK is UNK but if it has to hire its labor in the West the struggle will be hard UNK The UNK is on the wall. The only hope for West Berlin lies in a compromise which will bring down the wall and UNK the city. State Department officials refusing to show their passes at the UNK and driving two blocks into East Berlin under military UNK will not UNK UNK lined up at the border will be no more helpful. The materials for compromise are at UNK <The UNK Walter Lippmann and other sober UNK (see Alan Clark on p& UNK have spelled them out again and again. A compromise will leave both sides without the glow of UNK but it will save Berlin. Or the city can be a graveyard monument to Western UNK if that is what the West wants. UNK The removal of Stalin's body from the UNK he shared with Lenin to less distinguished quarters in the Kremlin wall is not unprecedented in history. It is, in fact, a relatively mild UNK of the dead. A British writer, Richard UNK in a book, UNK Men UNK UNK recalls that in the turmoil preceding the French Revolution the body of Henry UNK who had died nearly 180 years earlier, was torn to pieces by a UNK And in England, after the UNK the body of Cromwell was UNK and hanged at UNK The head was then fixed on a pole at Westminster, and the rest of the body was buried under the UNK UNK these UNK UNK Stalin should not lose all hope. In UNK Parliament erected a statue to Cromwell in Westminster, facing UNK and there, presumably, he still stands. Nikita Khrushchev, however, has created yet another problem for himself. The Lenin tomb is obviously adequate for double UNK Moscow is a crowded city, and the UNK of communism deplores waste. Who will take Stalin's place beside UNK There is Karl Marx, of course, buried in London. The UNK government might be willing to let him go, but he has been dead UNK years and even the Soviet UNK could not make him look UNK UNK then, is of sufficient stature to UNK with UNK Who but Nikita UNK Since he has just shown who is top dog, he may not be ready to receive this highest honor in the gift of the Soviet people. Besides, he can hardly avoid UNK on the instability of death which, what with UNK and UNK seems to match that of life. Suppose he did lie beside UNK would it be UNK If some future Khrushchev decided to rake up the misdeeds of his revered UNK would not the factory workers pass the same resolutions UNK his UNK When a man is laid to rest, he is entitled to stay put. If Nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural UNK everyone will understand. UNK UNK OF UNK The appointment of U Thant of Burma as the UNK Acting Secretary UNK at this writing, the choice appears to be UNK offers further proof that in politics it is more important to have no influential enemies than to have influential friends. UNK Slim of UNK and Frederick UNK of Ireland were early favorites in the running, but France didn't like the former and the Soviet Union would have none of the latter. With the UNK maintaining pressure for one of their own to succeed Mr& UNK U Thant emerged as the only possible candidate unlikely to be UNK by a UNK What is interesting is that his positive qualifications for the post were revealed only as a kind of tail to his UNK In all the bitter UNK the squabbles over election procedures, the complicated numbers game that East and West played on the assistant UNK theme, the gentleman from Burma showed himself both as a man of principle and a skilled UNK He has, moreover, another qualification which UNK well for the future. He is a UNK which means that to him peace and the UNK of human life are not only religious UNK but a profound and UNK UNK U Thant of course, will hold office until the spring of UNK when Mr& Hammarskjold's term would have come to an end. Whether the UNK on both UNK that made possible the interim appointment can then be repeated remains to be seen. Mr& Khrushchev's demand for a UNK is UNK not UNK the West may or not remain satisfied with the kind of neutralism that U Thant UNK In a sense, the showdown promised by Mr& Hammarskjold's sudden and tragic death has been UNK no UNK have been set as UNK UNK the U&N& is still fluid, vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing to bear upon it. But at least the UNK who believed that the world organization had plunged to its death in that plane crash in the Congo have been proved wrong. #TO THE UNK UNK No one who has studied the radical Right can suppose that words are their sole UNK in trade. These are UNK which UNK UNK and they are beginning to get it, as Messrs& UNK and UNK report on page UNK Even in areas where political connotations are UNK left vague, the spirit of UNK is UNK UNK a picture magazine distributed by Chevrolet dealers, describes a UNK organization of employees of the Gulf Telephone Company at UNK Alabama. "If the day should ever come that foreign UNK swarm ashore along the Gulf UNK the account UNK "they can count on heavy opposition from a group of UNK telephone UNK all girls. **h UNK armed and mobilized as a UNK Civil Defense UNK 23 operators and office personnel **h stand ready to move into action at a UNK UNK According to UNK the unit was organized by John UNK a former World War /2, UNK who is vice president and general manager of the telephone company. The girls, very UNK in their UNK are shown firing rockets from a UNK mounted on a UNK UNK they are also trained with UNK automatic weapons, UNK rifles and other such ladies' accessories. This may be UNK UNK now, but it will become more serious should the cold war mount in UNK The country is committed to the doctrine of security by military means. The doctrine has never UNK it is not working now. The official military establishment can only threaten to use its nuclear UNK it cannot bring them into actual play. A more dangerous formula for national frustration cannot be imagined. As the civic temper rises, the more UNK citizens begin to play UNK but the guns are real. Soon they will begin to hunt down the UNK they are assured are in our UNK All false gods resemble UNK at least in the early phases of their careers, so it would be UNK to expect any form of UNK to become widespread without the accompaniment of human sacrifice. But there is reason in all things, and in this country the UNK cult of the UNK is exceeding all bounds in its demands. The annual butchery of 40,000 American men, women and children to UNK its UNK is UNK a UNK of 25,000 a year would be more than UNK No other popular UNK is accorded even that much grace. If the railroads, for example, regularly UNK 25,000 passengers each year, the high priests of the cult would have cause to UNK for their personal safety, for such a holocaust would excite demands for the hanging of every railroad president in the United States. But by comparison with the UNK the motor car is a relatively new object of popular worship, so it is too much to hope that it may be brought within the bounds of civilized usage quickly and easily. Yet it is plainly time to make a start, and to be effective the first move should be highly dramatic, without being UNK Here, then, is what Swift would have called a modest proposal by way of a beginning. From next New Year's Day let us keep careful account of each successive UNK on the UNK UNK it on all media of communication. To avoid suspicion of UNK let the hand of vengeance be stayed until the UNK has picked up the twenty-five UNK UNK but let the twenty-five thousand and first butchery be the signal for the arrest of the 50 state highway UNK Then let the whole lot be hanged in a public mass execution on July 4, 1963. The scene, of course, should be nine miles northwest of UNK Illinois, the geographical center of population according to the census. A special UNK protected by UNK from the UNK sun of Illinois, should be erected for UNK by honored guests, who should include the ambassadors of all those new African nations as yet not quite convinced that the United States is thoroughly UNK The band should play the UNK March as a UNK switching to UNK Columbia, Happy UNK as the trap is UNK Independence Day is the appropriate date as a UNK reminder of the American article of faith that governments are instituted among men to secure to them certain UNK rights, the first of which is life, and when any government becomes UNK of that end, it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it. The highway system is an agency of government, and when it UNK up 40,000 Americans every year the government is destroying its own UNK which is obviously a silly thing for any government to do. UNK the responsible officials would not abolish the government, but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens, which would certainly alter it, and definitely for the better. Moreover, the UNK effects would not be exclusively political, but at least UNK and perhaps primarily UNK It would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its UNK beliefs and UNK for instance, the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from UNK to UNK not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of UNK or, as it is generally UNK staying put. True, the adherents of staying put are now reduced to a minor, even a UNK UNK and their credo, UNK hearts are UNK is as UNK as UNK Nonetheless, although few in number they are a stubborn crew, as UNK of life as the UNK UNK which suggests that there is some kind of vital principle embodied in their faith. Perhaps there is more truth than we are UNK to admit in the conviction of that UNK of UNK Robert UNK UNK who was persuaded that the great curse of the modern world is "all this UNK In any event, the yearly sacrifice of 40,000 victims is a UNK too large to be justified by the most ardent faith. Somehow our contemporary UNK must be induced to see reason. Since appeals to morality, to humanity, and to sanity have had such small effect, perhaps our last recourse is the deterrent example. If we make it established custom that whenever butchery on the highways grows excessive, say beyond 25,000 <per UNK then UNK is going to UNK it follows that the more eminent the victim, the more impressive the lesson. To hang 50 UNK might be preferable except that they are not directly related to the UNK so, all things considered, the highway commissioners would seem to be elected. As the new clouds of radioactive fallout spread silently and UNK around the earth, the Soviet Union stands guilty of a monstrous crime against the human race. But the guilt is shared by the United States, Britain and France, the other members of the atomic club. Until Moscow resumed nuclear testing last September 1, the ~US and UNK had released more than twice as much radiation into the atmosphere as the Russians, and the fallout from the earlier UNK is still coming down. As it UNK the concentration of UNK builds up in the human body; for a dose of radiation is not like a flu virus which causes temporary discomfort and then dies. The effect of radiation is cumulative over the years- and on to succeeding generations. So, while we properly UNK against the new UNK history is not likely to justify the pose of righteousness which some in the West were so quick to assume when Mr& Khrushchev made his cynical and irresponsible UNK UNK UNK and foreboding for future generations were legitimate UNK a UNK sermon was not. On October 19, after the Soviets had UNK at least 20 nuclear devices, Ambassador Stevenson warned the ~UN General Assembly that this country, in UNK UNK might have to resume UNK tests. More recently, the chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission, Dr& Glenn T& UNK UNK to a news conference in UNK UNK Nevada, that the ~US might fall behind Russia (he apparently meant in weapons UNK if the Soviets continue to test in the atmosphere while we UNK The trial UNK are afloat. All of which makes it more imperative than ever that the biological and genetic effects of fallout be understood. But for the average citizen, unfortunately, this is one of UNK UNK channels, full of UNK currents and unknown depths. The scientists, in and out of government, do not agree on some of the most vital points, at least publicly. On the one hand, the Public Health Service declared as recently as October 26 that present radiation levels resulting from the Soviet shots "do not warrant undue public UNK or any action to limit the intake of radioactive substances by individuals or large population groups anywhere in the UNK But the UNK conceded that the new radioactive particles "will add to the risk of genetic effects in succeeding generations, and possibly to the risk of health damage to some people in the United UNK Then it added: "It is not possible to determine how extensive these ill effects will be- nor how many people will be affected". Having UNK its bets in this way, UNK apparently decided it would be possible to make some sort of determination after UNK "At present radiation levels, and even at somewhat higher levels, the additional risk is slight and very few people will be affected". Then, to conclude on an UNK UNK UNK if fallout increased UNK or remained high for a long time, it would become far more important as a potential health hazard in this country and throughout the world". Dr& UNK UNK a Nobel Prize winner in chemistry, has been less UNK whether you choose to agree with him or not. After UNK in an article last month in UNK magazine, that the Russian testing UNK with it the possibility of the most tragic consequences of any action in the history of the world", he gave this estimate of the UNK and genetic consequences if the new Soviet shots totaled 200 UNK The damage to human germ UNK would be such that in the next few generations UNK children around the world would be born with gross physical or mental UNK UNK UNK from the fusion process would cause four million UNK UNK or childhood deaths and UNK over the next 20 generations, and between 200,000 and one million human beings now living would have their lives cut short by UNK diseases such as UNK Most of these would be in the Northern UNK where the fallout is UNK UNK estimate of 200 megatons yield from the present series of Russian tests will probably turn out to be too high, but a total of 100 megatons is a distinct possibility. The lack of scientific unanimity on the effects of radiation is due in part to insufficient data covering large population groups, from which UNK generalizations could be drawn. But more than one conscientious UNK has been inhibited from completely frank discussion of the available evidence by the less UNK fact that fallout has been made a political issue as well as a scientific problem. Its dangerous effects have been UNK to the public by some who believe national security requires further testing. An illustration of this attitude is found in John A& UNK letter to Dr& Thomas UNK reported in a note elsewhere in this issue of <The New UNK To this day the Atomic Energy Commission UNK away from discussing the health aspects of UNK A recent study on radiation exposure by the UNK division of biology and medicine stated: "The question of the biological effect **h of UNK doses is not UNK UNK Of course, the UNK is in a bind now. If it comes down too hard on the potential dangers of fallout, it will box the President on resuming atmospheric tests. So the UNK announcements of the new Soviet shots have been confined to one or two bleak sentences, with the fission yield usually left UNK Now, of course, that the Russians are the nuclear UNK radiation is a UNK word than it was in the UNK when the ~US was testing in the atmosphere. The prevailing official attitude then seemed to be that fallout, if not exactly good for you, might not be much worse than a bad cold. After a nuclear UNK one UNK suggested in those UNK days, about all you had to do was haul out the UNK and sweep off your UNK and roof. Things aren't that simple anymore. Yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout, it will have to do a lot of fast UNK if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation UNK UNK MUCH UNK WILL WE UNK As of October 25, the UNK had reported 24 shots in the new Soviet series, 12 of them in a UNK range, including a super bomb with a yield of 30 to 50 megatons (the equivalent of 30 million to 50 million tons of UNK and President Kennedy indicated there were one or two more than those reported. Assuming the lower figure for the big blast and one shot estimated by the Japanese at 10 megatons, a conservative UNK is that the 24 announced tests produced a total yield of at least 60 UNK Some government scientists say privately that the figure probably is closer to 80 megatons, and that the full 50-megaton bomb that Khrushchev mentioned may still be UNK If the new Soviet series has followed the general pattern of previous Russian tests, the shots were roughly half fission and half UNK meaning a fission yield of 30 to 40 megatons thus far. To this must be added the 90 to UNK megatons of fission yield produced between the dawn of the atomic age in 1945 and the informal UNK test UNK that began in November, 1958. UNK UNK UNK ONE OF THE inescapable realities of the Cold War is that is has thrust upon the West a wholly new and historically unique set of moral UNK The first dilemma was the morality of nuclear warfare itself. That dilemma is as much with us as ever. The second great dilemma has been the morality of nuclear testing, a dilemma which has suddenly become acute because of the present series of Soviet tests. When this second dilemma first became UNK during the UNK to late UNK the United States appeared to have three choices. It could have UNK abandoned further testing on the grounds of the radiation hazard to future generations. It could have continued testing to the full on the grounds that the radiation danger was far less than the danger of Communist world domination. Or it could have chosen to UNK by UNK some way of stopping the tests without loss to national security. This third choice was in fact made. With the resumption of Soviet testing and their UNK at the Geneva talks, however, the hope that this third choice would prove viable has been UNK Once again, the United States must choose. And once again, the choices are much the same. Only this time around the conditions are different and the choice is far UNK The first choice, abandoning tests UNK would not only be unpopular UNK but would surely be exploited by the Russians. The second choice, full testing, has become even more UNK just because the current Soviet tests have already UNK contaminated the atmosphere. The third choice, negotiation, UNK as Russian behavior UNK a great deal of wishful thinking to make it appear reasonable. We take the position, however, that the third choice still remains the only sane one open to us. It is by no stretch of the imagination a happy choice and the arguments against it as a practical strategy are UNK Its primary advantage is that it is a moral UNK one which, should it UNK will not have contaminated the conscience. That is the contamination we most fear. ## UNK UNK the choice of unilateral UNK of tests as neither sane nor clearly moral, the question must arise as to why resumption of atmospheric tests on our part would not be a good choice. For that is the one an increasingly large number of prominent Americans are now UNK In particular, Governor Nelson Rockefeller has expressed as UNK and clearly as anyone the case for a resumption of atmospheric tests. Speaking recently in UNK Governor Rockefeller said that "to assure the UNK of our own weapons in the face of the recent Soviet tests, we are now clearly compelled to conduct our own nuclear UNK Taking account of the fact that such a move on our part would be unpopular in world opinion, he argued that the responsibility of the United States is "to do, UNK and firmly, not what is UNK but what is right". What was missing in the Governor's argument, as in so many similar UNK was a premise which would enable one to make the ethical leap from what might be UNK desirable to what is right. The possibility, as he asserted, that the Russians may get ahead of us or come closer to us because of their tests does not supply the needed ethical UNK UNK of course, we have UNK become so UNK that nuclear superiority is now taken as a moral demand. Besides the lack of an adequate ethical dimension to the Governor's case, one can ask seriously whether our lead over the Russians in quality and quantity of nuclear weapons is so slight as to make the tests absolutely necessary. Recent statements by the President and Defense Department spokesmen have, to the contrary, assured us that our lead is very great. Unless the Administration and the Defense Department have been UNK us, the facts do not support the assertion that we are UNK to resume atmospheric testing. It is perfectly conceivable that a resumption of atmospheric tests may, at some point in the future, be necessary and even UNK But a resumption does not seem UNK now. What we need to realize is that the increasingly great contamination of the atmosphere by the Soviet tests has radically increased our own moral obligations. We now have to think not only of our national security but also of the future generations who will suffer from any tests we might UNK This is an ethical demand which cannot be UNK or UNK over by talking exclusively of weapon superiority or even of the evil of Communism. Too often in the past Russian tactics have been used to justify like tactics on our part. There ought to be a point beyond which we will not allow ourselves to go regardless of what Russia does. The refusal to resume atmospheric testing would be a good start. UNK UNK WHEN UNK UNK Pope John UNK first called for an UNK Council, and at the same time voiced his yearning for Christian unity, the enthusiasm among Catholic and Protestant UNK was UNK With good reason it appeared that a new day was upon divided Christendom. But as the more concrete plans for the work of the Council gradually became known, there was a rather sharp and abrupt disappointment on all sides. The Council we now know will concern itself directly only with the internal affairs of the Church. As it has turned out, however, the excessive enthusiasm in the first instance and the loss of hope in the second were both wrong responses. Two things have happened in recent months to bring the Council into UNK each provides a basis for renewed hope and joy. First of all, it is now known that Pope John sees the renewal and purification of the Church as an absolutely necessary step toward Christian unity. Far from being irrelevant to the ecumenical task, the UNK believes that a UNK Church is required in order that the whole world may see Catholicism in the best possible light. Equally significant, Pope John has said that Catholics themselves bear some responsibility for Christian UNK A major aim of the Council will be to remove as far as possible whatever in the Church today stands in the way of unity. Secondly, a whole series of addresses and actions by the Pope and by others show that concern for Christian unity is still very much alive and growing within the Church. The UNK by the Holy UNK of a permanent Secretariat for Christian Unity in 1960 was the most dramatic mark of this concern. The designation of five Catholic theologians to attend the World Council of Churches assembly in New Delhi as UNK observers UNK the Church's earlier stand. The public appeal by the new Vatican Secretary of State, Cardinal UNK for renewed efforts toward Eastern and Western reunion was still another remarkable act. Nor can one forget Pope John's unprecedented meeting with the Archbishop of UNK UNK Cardinal UNK the director of the UNK for Christian UNK has expressed as directly as anyone the new spirit that UNK the Church's stance toward the Protestant and Orthodox UNK Noting all the difficulties that stand in the way of UNK he has said that they ought not to discourage anyone. For UNK or the temptation to abandon our efforts, UNK show that one placed excessive trust in purely human means without thinking of the UNK of God, the irresistible efficacy of prayer, the action of Christ or the power of the Divine UNK Can any Christian fail to respond to these UNK #THE BUDGET UNK THE UNK official budget review, which estimates a UNK billion dollar deficit for the current fiscal year, isn't making anyone happy. Certainly it isn't making the President happy, and he has been doing his UNK best to explain how the budget got into its unbalanced condition, how he intends to UNK wherever he can and how he hopes to do better next year. We sympathize with Mr& Kennedy, but we feel bound to say that his budget review doesn't please us either, although for very different reasons. Furthermore, we find his defense of the unbalanced budget more UNK than reassuring. In the first place, a large part of the discrepancy between President Eisenhower's estimate of a 1.5 billion dollar surplus for the same period and the new estimate of an almost seven billion dollar deficit is the result of the outgoing President's farewell gift of a political UNK to his UNK The Eisenhower budget was simultaneously inadequate in its provisions and yet extravagant in its projections of revenue to be received. The rest of the deficit is also easily understood. Four billion dollars of the spending increase is for defense, an expenditure necessitated by the UNK policies of the UNK Administration, quite apart from the recent crises in Berlin and elsewhere. Four hundred million dollars of the increase is for the expanded space program, a responsibility similarly neglected by Mr& Eisenhower. The farm program will cost an additional 1.5 billion, because of unusual weather factors, the Food for Peace program and other new measures. UNK UNK aid for the UNK their children and for depressed UNK account for only 900 million of the UNK billion dollar UNK Our complaint is that in many crucial areas the Kennedy programs are not too large but too small, most seriously in regard to the conventional arms build-up and in aid and welfare measures. And yet Mr& Kennedy persists in trying to UNK the UNK of the right with UNK and promises of UNK up" and UNK We wish the President would remember that UNK UNK was the UNK of the party that lost the election. The party that won used to say something about a New UNK UNK AND UNK UNK of the UNK principle proved strikingly effective at the UNK annual meeting of the Catholic Association for International Peace in Washington the last weekend in October. Two of the principal addresses were delivered by prominent UNK and when the speaker was a Catholic, one UNK on the UNK tended to be of another religious persuasion. Several effects were immediately evident. UNK devoted to UNK and Foreign UNK UNK UNK UNK and Political UNK UNK UNK in the Cold UNK and related subjects proved to be much UNK under this procedure than if Catholics were merely talking to themselves. Usually questions from the floor were directed to the non-Catholic speaker or discussion leader. In the earlier sessions there was plentiful discussion on the natural law, which Dr& William V& UNK of UNK University, advanced as the basis for widely acceptable ethical judgments on foreign policy. That UNK principle experienced a thorough UNK from a number of the UNK but in the end the concept came to UNK itself. UNK declared that Protestants often make use of it, if, perhaps, by some other name. A UNK Moslem told about its existence and application in the Islamic tradition as the UNK UNK while a UNK member who has been working in close association with delegates of the new U&N& nations told of its widespread recognition on the African UNK The impression was unmistakable that, whatever one may choose to call it, natural law is a functioning generality with a certain objective existence. Another question that arose was the nature of the dialogue itself. The stimulus from the confrontation of philosophical systems involving certain differences was UNK It was expected that the comparison of different approaches to ethics would produce a better grasp of each other's positions and better comprehension of one's own. But a realization that each group has much of substance to learn from the other also developed, and a strong conviction grew that each had insights and dimensions to contribute to UNK acceptable solutions of urgent political issues. One effect of the spirited UNK of these discussions was to focus attention on practical applications and the necessity of being armed with the UNK knowledge of the destructive force of even the UNK UNK atomic weapon would have a bearing on judgments as to the advisability of its UNK to defend Berlin, for UNK the pervasive influence of ideology on our political judgments needs to be recognized and taken into due UNK it is necessary to perceive the extent of foreign aid demanded by the Christian UNK Everywhere I went in Formosa I asked the same question. I was searching for an accent of UNK or, even, of UNK I never found it among any of the Chinese with whom I UNK though granted they were, almost all, members of the official family who, presumably, harbor official thoughts. But I questioned, also, professional soldiers, who would not easily be UNK by a UNK UNK UNK Their answer was: it can be done, and we will do it. And then I put the question as UNK as I could directly to Chiang UNK "In UNK I said, UNK no one believes that you subjectively intend to re-enter the UNK What evidence is there of an objective kind that in fact your government proposes to do just that, and that it can be UNK He smiled. (He always UNK at least at visitors, I UNK He smiled also at a British UNK seated next to me, who asked the most UNK questions. I recalled sympathetically the UNK complaint in UNK "My Last UNK UNK He UNK and said a word or two to the UNK who turned to me, "The President wonders where you are going after you leave UNK That, I UNK is a royal rebuff if ever there was one. I answered the routine question about my UNK rather UNK Chiang spoke again, this time at greater length. "The President UNK the UNK came in, "that the reason he asked you where you were going is because he hoped you would be visiting other areas in Southeast Asia, and that everywhere you went, you would seek the answer to your question. He says that if he were to express to you, once again, his own profound determination to go to the UNK and his faith that that return is UNK he would merely sound UNK So you yourself must seek these objective data, and come to your own conclusions. Any information we have here in Taiwan is at your UNK Fair enough. What are the relevant UNK For every person on UNK there are sixty in Mainland China. If the raw population figures are UNK relevant, then it is idle to think of UNK as idle as to suppose that Poland might UNK Russia. UNK military UNK Less than UNK but at least UNK The estimates vary widely on the strength of the Chinese army. Say four million. The armed forces of Taiwan are at a working strength of about UNK though a reserve potential twice that high is UNK UNK UNK UNK It is generally conceded that the UNK air force is the best by far in Asia, and the army the best trained. The morale is very high. Even so, it adds up to impossible UNK except that the question UNK On whose side would the Mainland Chinese army UNK The miserable people of China, the largest cast ever UNK to enact an ideological passion play, cannot themselves resist UNK They think, UNK of physical UNK everything else is UNK But the army which Mao continues to feed well, where are its UNK The psychological strategists in Taiwan stress the great sense of family, cultivated in China over thousands of years. It has not been UNK by ten years of Communist UNK Every soldier in the army has, UNK relatives who are close to UNK The soldiers themselves cannot stage a successful UNK it is UNK but will their discontent spread to the officer UNK The immediate families of the generals and the UNK are well UNK a UNK does not UNK on his UNK But there are the cousins and UNK and UNK Their UNK are almost beyond endurance. In behalf of what? UNK as understood by UNK UNK To whom will the generals stay UNK There is little doubt if they had a secret ballot, they would vote for food for their family, in place of ideological purity out on the farm. It is another question whether UNK or a single general, off in a corner of China, secure for a few UNK days at least from instant UNK will defy the UNK But the disposition to rebel is most definitely there. ## But there must be a UNK pressure. The military in Taiwan believe that the Communists have made two mistakes, which, together, may prove fatal. The first was the commune program, which will ensure agricultural poverty for years. The family is largely broken UNK and where it is not, it is left with no UNK and the social meaning of this is enormous. For it is the family that, in China, has always provided social security for the UNK the sick, the UNK members of the UNK Now the government must do UNK but the government is left with no reserve UNK under the agricultural system it has UNK Thus the government simultaneously undertook the vast burden of social security which had traditionally been privately UNK and created a national UNK which has engendered UNK problems of social security. The second mistake is UNK Tibet has historically served China as a buffer state. A friendly state, sometimes only UNK but never UNK China never tried to integrate Tibet by UNK the people's religion and institutions. Red China is trying to do this, and she is not likely ever to UNK Tibet is too vast, the terrain is too difficult. Tibet may UNK China as UNK is bleeding France. These continuing UNK social, economic and military, are doing much to keep China in a UNK state of tension. The imposition of yet another pressure, a strong one, from the outside, might cause it to UNK ## The planners in Taiwan struck me as realistic men. They know that they must depend heavily on factors outside their own control. First and foremost, they depend on the inhuman UNK of the Communist regime. On these they feel they can UNK Secondly, they depend on America's UNK UNK when the crucial moment UNK They hope that if history UNK the West another UNK we will receive the opportunity UNK I remarked UNK to the President that the future of China would be far more certain if he would invite a UNK of selected American Liberals to UNK on an odd day. He affected (most UNK not to understand my point. But UNK and all of UNK wear the scars of American UNK and he knows what an uncertain ally we are. We have been grand to Formosa itself- lots of aid, and, most of the time, a policy of support for the UNK UNK But our outlook has been, and continues to be, UNK A great deal depends on the UNK of Mr& Kennedy's views on the world struggle. The Free Chinese know that the situation on the Mainland is in UNK and are poised to strike. There is not anywhere on the frontiers of freedom a more highly mobilized force for UNK The moment of truth is the moment of crisis. During the slow UNK the essence of a policy or a man is UNK under embroidered details, fine words, UNK UNK The crisis burns these suddenly away. There the truth is, open to eyes that are willing to look. The moment passes. New UNK rags are UNK tossed on the UNK bones. A UNK crisis erupted in Katanga for a couple of days this month, to be quickly UNK by the high pressure verbal fog that is kept on tap for such UNK Before memory, too, clouds over, let us make a note or two of what could be seen. The measure was instantly taken, as always in such cases, of public men at many levels. One knows better, now, who has bone and who has UNK in his UNK But I am here concerned more with policy than with men. Public men come and go but great issues of policy remain. Now, everyone UNK or knew in the week of December UNK that something had gone shockingly wrong with American foreign policy. The United States was engaged in a military attack on a UNK orderly people governed by a regime that had proved itself the most pro-Western and anti-Communist within any of the new UNK the only place in Africa, moreover, where a productive relationship between whites and UNK had apparently been achieved. Of course the fighting was officially under the auspices of the United Nations. But in the moment of truth everyone could see that the U&S& was in reality the UNK The moment simultaneously revealed that in the crisis our policy ran counter to that of all our ~NATO allies, to the entire Western community. By our policy the West was- is- split. But the key revelation is not new. The controlling pattern was first displayed in the UNK crisis of November 1956. It UNK in whole or part, whenever a new crisis UNK the UNK in Cuba last spring (with which the Dominican events of last month should be UNK at the peaks of the nuclear test and the Berlin UNK in relation to Laos, UNK South UNK right now, with almost UNK UNK in the UNK linked complex of UNK #WHAT THE UNK UNK This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows: UNK prevailing policy, the U& S& can take the initiative against the UNK but cannot take the initiative against the UNK It makes no difference what part of the world is involved, what form of regime, what particular issue. <The U& S& cannot take the initiative against the UNK There is even some question whether the U& S& can any longer UNK itself against an initiative by the UNK We can attack Tshombe, but not UNK No matter that UNK is Moscow's man in the Congo. No matter that it is his troops who UNK Western women and eat Western men. No matter that the Katanga operation is UNK insane in terms of Western interests in Africa. UNK granted that the Congo should be UNK you don't protect Western security by UNK removing the pro-Western weight from the power UNK We can force Britain and France out of the UNK but we cannot so much as UNK to force the Russian tanks back from UNK We can mass our fleet against the UNK but not against the UNK We can vote in the ~UN against South African UNK or Portuguese rule in UNK but we cannot even introduce a motion on the Berlin UNK much less, give the simple order to push the Wall down. We officially receive the UNK UNK Algerian UNK but we denounce the UNK anti-Communist ~OAS as criminal. In the very week of our war against Katanga, we make a UNK million grant to UNK UNK who has just declared his solidarity with the Communist UNK and is busily turning his own country into a totalitarian dictatorship. As our planes land the war UNK that kills pro-Western UNK we stand UNK UNK while UNK troops smash into a UNK district of our ~NATO ally, UNK What explains this UNK UNK It is the consequence of the system of ideas that constitutes the frame of our UNK and in some degree our UNK policy. The UNK crisis proves that this system was not invented by the new Administration, but only made more consistent and more active. UNK TO THE UNK Most immediately relevant to these episodes in UNK Katanga and Ghana, as to the UNK crisis before them, is the belief that the main theater of the world drama is the underdeveloped region of Asia, Africa and Latin America. From this belief is derived the practical orientation of our policy on the UNK UNK UNK nations, especially on those whose leaders make the most UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK etc&. Our chief aim becomes that of finding favor in UNK eyes. If we grasp this orientation as a key, our national conduct in all of the events here mentioned becomes UNK And it becomes clear why in general we cannot take the initiative against the UNK UNK _THE UNK To write a play, the UNK once needed an idea plus the imagination, the knowledge of life and the craft to develop it. UNK more and more, all he needs is someone else's book. To get UNK he does not scan the world about him; he and his prospective producer just read the UNK lists. So far this season, UNK premieres have included twice as many adaptations and imports as original American stage plays. UNK FROM UNK Of straight UNK there are UNK the Way UNK which owes much of its poetic power to the James UNK novel, <A Death in the UNK The UNK UNK based on the John UNK UNK UNK and UNK lively but shallow theater drawn from the UNK detailed UNK UNK of a Hero> (closed), based on a Pierre UNK novel. The only original works attempting to reach any UNK Tennessee UNK disappointing domestic comedy, UNK of UNK and Arthur UNK clever but empty UNK to a UNK Clearly the most provocative plays are all imported UNK <A UNK of UNK by Britain's young UNK when she wrote it) UNK UNK UNK by France's Jean UNK <The UNK (closed), by UNK UNK UNK Among the UNK UNK came from T& H& White's <The Once and Future UNK and novels were the sources of the less than momentous UNK and UNK UNK UNK UNK and <The UNK Molly UNK were UNK but pretty bad, leaving top honors again to an UNK the UNK and UNK French UNK La UNK The only other works at least technically original were dreary UNK UNK Me No UNK (closed), UNK the UNK UNK UNK UNK In the forthcoming <The UNK Hero> and UNK Broadway is not even adapting books, but UNK old movies UNK the UNK Hero> and UNK UNK OF UNK UNK are not necessarily good and adaptations are not necessarily bad. Some memorable plays have been drawn from books, notably <Life with UNK and UNK of Anne UNK And particularly in the musical field, adaptations have long been the rule, from <Die UNK and <The UNK UNK to UNK and UNK Fair UNK As UNK Walter UNK points out: UNK so long as they are good, still qualify as UNK And other defenders invariably argue that, after all, Shakespeare and Moliere were UNK too. The difference is that the masters took the bare frame of a plot and filled it with their own world; most modern UNK totally accept the world of a book, squeeze it dry of life, and add only one contribution of their UNK stage technique. The most frequent excuse for the prevalence of UNK and tested imports is increasing production UNK producers cannot afford to take chances. But that explanation is only partly true. UNK where production is still comparatively cheap, is proving itself only slightly more original. UNK enough, it is offering classics and UNK UNK but last week only one U&S& original was on the UNK Robert D& UNK stunning Civil War work, UNK The real trouble seems to be the failing imagination of U&S& UNK UNK _THE UNK UNK UNK "Come with me to the UNK UNK "By subway or UNK That exchange was not only possible but commonplace last week in Manhattan, as more and more New UNK were discovering 29th Street and Eighth Avenue, where half a dozen small UNK with names like UNK UNK Grecian Palace and Egyptian Gardens are the American UNK of belly dancing. Several more will open soon. Their burgeoning popularity may be a result of the closing of the UNK Street UNK UNK but curiously enough their atmosphere is almost always UNK neighborhood saloons with a bit of UNK The belly UNK with their UNK palm trees or UNK Ionic columns, heretofore existed mainly on the patronage of Greek and Turkish families. UNK often bring their children; between performances, enthusiastic young men from the audience will take the floor to demonstrate their own amateur UNK Except for the odd uptown sex UNK or an UNK Greek UNK the people watch in calm UNK UNK UNK orchestras play in UNK or UNK time, using UNK UNK and more alien instruments with names that would open UNK the UNK grandfather of the UNK the UNK a small drum with the UNK shape of a UNK UNK the UNK a UNK UNK The girls sit quietly with the musicians, wearing UNK dresses or UNK secretarial UNK until it is time to go off to a back room and UNK in the spare uniform of the UNK UNK OF UNK If a dancer is good, she suggests purely and superbly the fundamental mechanics of ancestry and UNK the UNK of mankind. But a great many of what UNK calls the UNK UNK are considerably less cosmic than that. Each dancer follows the ancient Oriental UNK she UNK UNK with shoulders UNK while her stomach UNK and, through breathing and muscle control, she sends ripples across her body to the UNK and away to the far end of the room. This is done at varying UNK ranging from the slow and fast UNK UNK (a musical term meaning double UNK to the UNK UNK UNK UNK greetings or UNK The New York dancers are highly UNK varying the pattern with all kinds of personal UNK back UNK or floor UNK But they do not UNK The UNK is UNK the belly dance leaves more to the imagination. When a dancer does well, she provokes a quiet UNK of dollar UNK although the Manhattan clubs UNK the more UNK practice of slipping the tips into the UNK UNK With UNK the girls average between $150 and $200 a week, depending on basic salary. Although they are forbidden to sit with the customers, the dancers are sometimes UNK drinks, and most of them can bolt one down in UNK _THE UNK UNK All over the country, belly clubs have never been UNK especially in Detroit, Boston and Chicago, and even in small UNK one of the best dancers, a Turkish girl named UNK works at a UNK outside Bristol, UNK The girls are kept booked and moving by several agents, notably UNK UNK UNK UNK a Manhattan Turk who is the UNK Hurok of the central UNK He can offer nine Turkish girls, plans to import at least 15 more. But a great many of the dancers are more or less UNK Sometimes they get their initial experience in church UNK conducted by UNK and UNK in the U&S&, where they dance with just as few veils across their bodies as in UNK As the girls come to belly dancing from this and other UNK the melting pot has never UNK more UNK Some Manhattan examples: @ UNK (surname: UNK 23, seems Hong Kong Oriental but has a Spanish father and an Indian mother, was born in America and educated at Holy Cross Academy and UNK High School, says she learned belly dancing at family UNK @ UNK UNK UNK 23, was born in Budapest and raised in UNK UNK of a UNK mother who taught her to dance, she is one of the few really beautiful girls in the New York UNK with dark eyes and dark, UNK hair, the face of an adolescent UNK and a UNK UNK body. Many belly dancers are married, but UNK is one of the few who will admit it. @ UNK (surname: UNK 25, a Brazilian UNK who learned the dance from Arabic friends in Paris, now lives on UNK West UNK is about the best belly dancer working the UNK loves it so much that she dances on her day off. She has the small, highly developed body of a prime athlete, and holds in contempt the UNK who just move UNK @ UNK UNK UNK 25, is a Greenwich Village painter of UNK UNK who has red hair that UNK almost to her UNK A graduate of Hollywood High School, she likes to imagine herself, as she takes the floor, "a village girl coming in to a UNK @ UNK (surname: UNK UNK 30, who was born in Italy and once did UNK work" in UNK has been around longer than most of the others, UNK remembers the old days when "we used to get the UNK from the ships, you know, with big UNK UNK and UNK and all. But the ships are very slow now, and we don't get so many sailors any more". The uptown crowd has moved in, and what girl worth her seventh veil would trade a UNK UNK for a UNK UNK #A UNK UNK UNK Of the handful of painters that UNK has produced in the 20th century, only one, UNK UNK is widely known in the U&S&. This state of UNK may not last much longer. For ten years a small group of European and U&S& critics has been calling attention to the UNK Austrian UNK UNK UNK who died 42 years ago at the age of 28. The UNK campaign finally inspired the first major U&S& exhibit of Schiele's works. The show has been to Boston and Manhattan, will in time reach Pittsburgh and UNK Last week it opened at the J& B& UNK Museum in UNK at the very moment that a second Schiele exhibit was being made ready at the Felix UNK gallery in Los Angeles. Schiele's paintings are anything but pleasant. His people UNK UNK are angular and UNK sometimes painfully UNK sometimes grotesquely UNK His colors are dark and UNK and his landscapes and UNK seem swallowed in UNK But he painted some of the UNK and most original pictures of his time, and even after nearly half a century, the tense, UNK world he put on canvas has lost none of its UNK _THE UNK UNK The son of a railway UNK Schiele lived most of his childhood in the UNK UNK town of UNK 14 miles northwest of Vienna. He was an emotional, lonely boy who spent so much time turning out drawings that he did scarcely any UNK When he was 15, his parents finally allowed him to attend classes at the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna. Even there he did not last for long. UNK one professor after a few months of Student Schiele's UNK and UNK "The devil himself must have UNK you into my UNK For a while his work was influenced deeply by the French UNK and by the UNK UNK paintings of UNK UNK then the dean of Austrian art. Gradually Schiele evolved a UNK style of his UNK and he had few UNK about his subject matter. His pictures were UNK denounced as "the most UNK things one has ever seen in UNK He himself was once convicted of painting UNK and UNK for 24 UNK the first three of which he spent desperately trying to make paintings on the wall with his own UNK For years he wore UNK suits and UNK paper UNK was even driven to UNK for cigarette UNK in UNK UNK UNK into the Austrian army, he UNK rejected discipline, UNK a Vienna UNK went on painting. It was not until the last year of his life that he had his first UNK show. UNK UNK The UNK UNK of so many of this paintings was not the only thing that kept the public at UNK his view of the world was one of almost unrelieved tragedy, and it was too much even for UNK Vienna. He was obsessed by disease and poverty, by the melancholy of old age and the tyranny of UNK The children he painted were almost always in UNK his portraits were often ruthless to the point of UNK and his UNK including several UNK were UNK UNK and strangely UNK The subject he liked most was the female body, which he painted in every state- UNK UNK muffled to the ears, sitting UNK in a chair, lying UNK on a bed or locked in an UNK THE MOST surprising thing about the Twenty-second Congress of the Soviet Communist Party is that it <was> UNK perhaps quite as much, in its own way, as the Twentieth Congress of 1956, which ended with that famous UNK report on UNK The publication last July of the party's Draft UNK that UNK for the UNK to UNK had led the UNK to suppose that this Twenty-second Congress would be a sort of UNK of the Khrushchev regime, a solemn UNK of ideas which had, in fact, been current over the last three or four years (i&e&, since the defeat of the "anti-party UNK in all theoretical party UNK These never ceased to suggest that if, in the eyes of Marx and Lenin "full UNK was still a very distant ideal, the establishment of a Communist society had now, under Khrushchev, become an UNK and tangible UNK It seems that Khrushchev himself took a very special pride in having made a UNK contribution to UNK doctrine with his Draft Program (a large part of his UNK speech at the recent Congress was, in fact, very largely a UNK of that interminable UNK He and other Soviet leaders responsible for the document were proud of having brought forward some new UNK such as the early replacement of the dictatorship of the UNK by an "All People's UNK and also of having laid down the lines for a much greater UNK of the whole hierarchy of UNK starting with the Supreme Soviet itself. Their plan for rotation of leaders promised a salutary blow at UNK and would enable "the people" to take a more direct and active part in running the country. Also, elections would be more UNK there might even be two or more candidates for voters to choose from. No doubt, there was still a lot in the Draft UNK and in Khrushchev's UNK which left many points UNK Was it the party's intention, for example, to abolish gradually the UNK system and replace it by uniformly UNK UNK i&e&, state farms (which were, moreover, to be progressively UNK As we know, the Soviet peasant today still very largely UNK on being able to sell the produce grown on his private UNK and it is still very far from certain how valid the party's claim is that in "a growing number of UNK the peasants are finding it more profitable, to surrender their private plots to the UNK and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm. If one follows the reports of the Congress, one finds that there still seems considerable uncertainty in the minds of the leaders themselves about what exactly to do in this matter. The Draft Program was interesting in other respects, too. It UNK for example, a number of curious UNK about the UNK who enjoy no sickness UNK no UNK UNK no paid UNK they still benefit far less than the UNK 50 per cent of the nation from that "welfare state" which the Soviet Union so greatly UNK itself on being. ## OVER ALL these fairly awkward problems Khrushchev was to UNK rather UNK and, though he UNK over and over again, the spectacular figures of industrial and agricultural production in UNK the UNK people in Russia are still a little uncertain as to how UNK is really going to work in practice, especially in respect of food. Would agriculture progress as rapidly as UNK This was something on which K& himself seemed to have some UNK for he kept on threatening that he would UNK the UNK of those responsible for agricultural production. And, as we know, the Virgin UNK are <not> producing as much as Khrushchev had UNK One cannot but wonder whether these doubts about the success of Khrushchev's agricultural policy have not at least something to do with one of the big surprises provided by this UNK the UNK harping on the crimes and misdeeds of the "anti-party UNK UNK UNK UNK and others- including the UNK Marshal UNK UNK in particular, is being charged with all kinds of UNK especially with wanting to cut down free public services, to increase rents and UNK in fact, with having been against <all> the more popular features of the Khrushchev "welfare state". The trouble with all these doctrinal UNK is that we hear only one side of the UNK what, in the secret councils of the UNK Molotov had UNK proposed, we just don't know, and he has had no chance to reply. ## BUT ONE cannot escape the suspicion that all this UNK harping on the misdeeds of the long liquidated UNK group would be totally unnecessary if there were not, inside the party, some secret but genuine opposition to Khrushchev on vital doctrinal grounds, on the actual methods to be employed in the UNK to UNK and, last but not least, on foreign policy. The whole problem of UNK coexistence and peaceful UNK with the capitalist world is in the very center of this Congress. UNK declared: UNK altogether rejects the line of peaceful coexistence, reducing this concept merely to the state of peace or rather, the absence of war at a given moment, and to a denial of the possibility of averting a world war. His views, in fact, coincide with those of foreign enemies of peaceful coexistence, who look upon it merely as a variant of the UNK UNK or of an UNK UNK One cannot help wondering whether Molotov and the rest of the "anti-party group" are not being used as China's UNK by Khrushchev and his faithful UNK For something, clearly, has gone UNK very seriously wrong in UNK relations, which were never UNK and have now UNK The effect of UNK UNK clash with Khrushchev, together with the everlasting attacks on Molotov + Co&, has shifted the whole attention of the world, including that of the Soviet people, from the UNK UNK program to the present UNK conflict. Not only, as we know, did UNK UNK publicly treat Khrushchev's attack on Albania as UNK that we cannot consider as a serious UNK UNK to the problem (i&e&, as something thoroughly UNK and UNK but the UNK leaders went out of their way to be openly UNK to Khrushchev, calling him a UNK a UNK and so on. It is extremely doubtful that the handful of UNK who call themselves Communists could have done this without the direct approval of their Chinese friends. The big question is whether, in the name of a restored UNK UNK the Chinese will choose to persuade the UNK to present their humble UNK to UNK or get rid of Enver UNK These seem about the only two ways in which the UNK UNK can now be closed. But Albania is merely a symptom of a real malaise between China and Russia. There are other UNK Khrushchev, for all his UNK UNK about the inevitable decay of UNK is genuinely favorable to UNK UNK and would like, above all, the Berlin and German problems to be settled UNK he knows that he was never more popular than at the time of the UNK UNK of 1959. But it seems that pressures against him are coming from UNK in the first place from China, but perhaps also from that UNK UNK which, I was assured in Moscow nearly two years ago, exists on the quiet inside the party. To these people, solidarity and unity with China should be the real basis of Russia's future policy. And the Chinese, as the UNK incident shows, have strong suspicions that Khrushchev is anxious to secure a UNK peace with the West. The fact that China (which is obsessed by UNK to Khrushchev a very small UNK should be supported by North Korea and North Vietnam is highly UNK And one cannot but wonder whether Marshal UNK who was blowing hot and cold, UNK peace but also almost openly considering the possibility of preventive war against the West, wasn't trying to keep the Chinese quiet. And this brings us inevitably to the UNK or 50-megaton bomb. Was not this dropped primarily in order to UNK the UNK especially after UNK UNK surrender to the West in UNK the German UNK deadline of December UNK What does it all add up to? UNK are that Khrushchev UNK with him, the bulk of the Soviet UNK favor peaceful coexistence and (with the exception of UNK the maintenance of the <status UNK in the world. The Chinese, North Vietnamese and North UNK on the other hand, feel that, UNK Russia is strong enough to support them in the "just wars of UNK they would like to embark on before UNK with China attacking Formosa and the North Koreans and North Vietnamese UNK the southern half of their respective countries. Perhaps Khrushchev is in a more difficult position than any since 1957, when the "anti-party group" nearly liquidated him. He seems strong enough inside the party to cope with any internal UNK but if he is up against China's UNK spirit in world affairs, he is going to be faced with the most UNK choice in his life. He may support China (but he UNK he may break with China (which would be UNK difficult and perhaps UNK or he may UNK by all kinds of dangerous concessions, in UNK China to be patient. The next days may show where things stand. ON a misty Sunday morning last month, a small band of militant UNK called the Minutemen held maneuvers in a UNK field about fifteen miles east of here. UNK men, a woman and a teen-age boy UNK over cold, damp, UNK ground during a two-hour field drill in the problems of guerrilla warfare. To the average American, this must sound like an incredible tale from a Saturday night ~TV UNK But to the UNK this is a serious business. They feel that the United States is engaged in a UNK struggle with communism for survival and world UNK They feel that World War /3, has already UNK and they are setting themselves up as a UNK line of UNK against the Communist advance. Their national leader, Robert UNK UNK of UNK UNK says the Minutemen believe that guerrilla tactics are best suited to defeat the Red UNK In their maneuvers last month, they wore World War /2, UNK UNK and UNK and carried UNK UNK UNK The maneuvers were held "in UNK after a regional seminar for the UNK held in nearby UNK Ill&, had been broken up the previous day by deputy UNK who had arrested regional leader Richard Lauchli of UNK Ill&, and seized four operative weapons, including a Browning machine gun, two Browning automatic rifles and an UNK UNK UNK by this UNK a small band of the faithful gathered at UNK home at UNK A&M& the next day, put on their UNK and headed for a farm several miles away. A 60 mm& mortar and a 57 mm& UNK rifle owned by Lauchli were brought along. The mortar was equipped with UNK shells and the UNK rifle was UNK After a UNK drive in an open truck and a World War /2, army UNK down soggy trails, the band arrived at a small clearing squeezed between a long, low ridge and a UNK UNK Here the two leaders, UNK and UNK hastened to put the group through its UNK The Minutemen were instructed in the use of terrain for UNK They were shown how to advance against an enemy UNK atop a cleared UNK They practiced movement behind a smoke screen laid by smoke UNK and they attempted a skirmish line of advance against a UNK enemy UNK UNK UNK rounds were fired by Lauchli in a demonstration of UNK mortar shooting. Mrs& UNK the mother of five children and an active member of her husband's organization, participated in all the exercises. There were no UNK but the UNK admitted to being "a little UNK when the leaders called a halt at 9 A&M& to enable out-of-town members to catch a plane. UNK AS UNK I would like to add one more practical reform to those mentioned by Russell UNK UNK UNK It has to do with UNK salaries and tenure. Next September, after receiving a degree from UNK Master of Arts in Teaching UNK I will be teaching UNK that much is guaranteed by the present shortage of mathematics teachers. I will also be UNK The amazing thing is that this too is caused by the UNK of teachers. Teaching is at present a UNK UNK as a result UNK the public, must be satisfied with second-rate teachers. But this is not the real problem; the rub arises from the fact that teachers are usually paid on the basis of time served rather than quality. Hence all teachers, good and bad, who have been teaching for a given number of years are paid the same salary. I am firmly convinced that considering the average quality of teachers in this country, the profession is grossly UNK It follows that teachers as a group cannot expect any marked salary UNK there is a limit to how much the public will pay for UNK performance. The only hope which good teachers have for being paid their due is to stop dragging the dead weight of poor teachers up the economic ladder with them. The only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure. Here, as in all sectors of the economy, quality and justice are both dependent on the right of the individual to deal directly with his employer if he so UNK @ UNK OF UNK On the eve of the "great UNK on the proposal to give the President broad powers to make UNK tariff concessions which could practically bring us into the Atlantic Community, we should face the alternatives on this UNK What we will be UNK in any such arrangement will be our power to be UNK which is contained in the reciprocal trade principle under which we now UNK Without this power we lay open any American industry which the Europeans may find it economically profitable to destroy to the will of others. It is this loss of initiative in how we conduct our UNK which may lead to the loss of initiative in how we conduct our UNK affairs. @ #A UNK FOR THE UNK I disagree with Mr& UNK position on the Common Market UNK UNK as a desirable organization for us to UNK For him to ignore the political consequences involved in an Atlantic Union of this kind is difficult to understand. The pressure for our entry to the Common Market is mounting and we will proceed towards this UNK trade union by way of a purely "economic UNK or garden path, with the political ramifications kept neatly in the background. The appeal is going to be to the UNK and may be very convincing to those who do not see its relation to political and legal, as well as economic, UNK In entering this union we will be surrendering most, if not all, of our economic autonomy to international bodies such as the Atlantic Institute UNK set UNK or the UNK UNK and others. To think that we can merely relinquish our economic autonomy without giving up our political or legal autonomy is wishful thinking. If it is not enough that all of our UNK One UNK are advocating that we join this market, I refer you to an article in the <New York UNK magazine section UNK 12, UNK by Mr& Eric UNK entitled "We Must Join the Common UNK He says: "It has swept aside UNK UNK age-old UNK and UNK UNK UNK to Britain, he says, "We see a nation that traditionally values sovereignty above all else willing to give up its economy, placing this authority in Continental hands". **h Since the goal of our international planners is a World Government, this Atlantic Community would mark a giant step in that direction for, once American economic autonomy is UNK a larger grouping is a question of time. UNK it is being very cleverly done for, in a sense, they have us over a UNK UNK to what Mr& Johnston has to say: UNK the savage UNK that UNK would UNK **h We would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need. We would be crippled by reduced output, industrial decline, widespread UNK But the solution to this dilemma is not the UNK of the United States into an Atlantic Community or "economic UNK but merely what UNK like Henry UNK and Ludwig von UNK have been arguing for UNK an end to government regulations, an end to government competition in industry, and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry. UNK a free market here, give us a sound, UNK money system, and we'll compete with anyone, Europe and Asia UNK In short, get this governmental UNK off our backs and we won't have to worry about European competition or Communism either. If we want to preserve our sovereignty, this is the way to do it; not acquiesce to an international planning board. If we go into this Common Market, we might just as well stop talking about UNK UNK Connally Amendments or, for that matter, conservatism in general. @ UNK welcome this able brief for the negative as part of a many-sided discussion of the Atlantic Common Market UNK UNK UNK be continuing in our UNK UNK UNK UNK The UNK Chinese were the only major silver seller in the world markets who stopped selling the metal on Monday morning, November 27, UNK by two days the announcement of the U&S& Treasury that the UNK offering price will be removed. @ #A UNK AND THE UNK In 1954 I was drafted and after serving two years UNK on Active UNK I was not required to participate in any further Army Reserve activities. Now, more than five years later, I cannot in any realistic sense be called a trained soldier. But, in spite of this, I, at present a man 31 years of age and a College UNK have been recalled "by direction of the UNK to report on November UNK to Fort UNK Massachusetts, for another twelve months of Active UNK as an UNK 4 (the equivalent of a UNK Today, seven years after the date of my initial induction as a UNK I am Assistant Professor of Philosophy and Science at St& UNK College. For, after leaving the Army in 1956, I spent five years in UNK School first at Boston College and then at the University of UNK This time, added to that which I had already spent in school prior to my induction in 1954, makes a total of twenty-two UNK years of education. The possibility of recall into the Army is part of the price that a modern American has to pay for the enviable heritage of liberty which he UNK With this no loyal citizen can quarrel. However, it seems axiomatic that the government has an obligation "to exercise its mandate UNK UNK and with full regard for the UNK which it inevitably causes". In my own case, I submit that such reasonable and fair exercise is UNK lacking. UNK back into the Army now as an UNK 4, I am leaving 110 college students whose teacher I am. UNK wry UNK on this is that most of my students have UNK from the draft in order to attend my UNK At this late date, it is impossible for St& UNK College to find a suitable replacement for me. Even apart from the fact that now at the age of 31 my personal life is being totally disrupted for the second time for no very compelling reason- I cannot help looking around at the black leather jacket UNK standing UNK on the street corners and in the UNK of every American city and asking myself if our society has gone mad. @ UNK UNK OF UNK In news broadcasts I consistently hear the foreign volunteers fighting in the Katanga Army referred to as UNK This UNK me no end. If the UNK troops sent here UNK by the UNK Government to fight for England in the UNK were UNK what shall we call the ~UN troops sent to the Congo UNK by <their> governments to fight for the United UNK If the ~UN troops are not mercenaries then the UNK were not mercenaries either. And if the foreigners fighting in the Katanga Army are mercenaries then Lafayette and von UNK were mercenaries too, as were also the members of the Lafayette UNK in the early part of World War /1, and of UNK Flying UNK in the early days of World War /2,. @ UNK UNK UNK It doesn't take a Gore UNK to tell you what's wrong with UNK UNK slogan UNK UNK July UNK It's an eighteenth-century UNK UNK UNK the following UNK UNK @ By moving the term UNK to lower case, substituting the modern phrase UNK UNK for the UNK UNK and by using the UNK name on every envelope (in UNK of course, with the "in UNK as faded as UNK the slogan cannot fail. @ #THE UNK UNK OF UNK In the issue of March 5, 1960 you had an excellent editorial which said: "On trial in UNK for having flown for the UNK anti-Communist UNK U&S& pilot Alan Lawrence Pope boldly told the court that in supporting the freedom UNK he was actually defending the sovereignty and independence of UNK UNK a prosecution which has demanded the death UNK he said: 'I have participated in the war against Communism in Korea and at UNK and I have helped in the evacuation of North Vietnamese to the free world. I have done all this for the freedom of the individuals concerned and also for the states which have been threatened by Communist UNK At least in Indonesia, Khrushchev found an American proud to be at total war with UNK Since then nothing has happened to save the life of Pope. I found recently a very small article in the <New York UNK UNK UNK loses UNK Indonesia Court UNK UNK Death UNK Indonesia Military Supreme Court has confirmed the death sentence passed on Alan Lawrence Pope, an American UNK Pope was convicted last year of having aided North UNK rebels by flying bombing UNK He has been in prison since May, 1958, when his aircraft was shot down over UNK He may appeal to President UNK for UNK As we see, Pope may appeal to President UNK Khrushchev's friend, for UNK This possibility is anything but reassuring. The Eleanor Roosevelt UNK Committee acts on behalf of the Cuban freedom fighters. But who will act now and immediately to save the life of Alan UNK Are tractors available for him? Does anybody think of saving the life of an anti-Communist American UNK @ #AN UNK A few days before I saw your mention of what Texas Liberals were doing to promote "Louis UNK UNK UNK June UNK another analogy had occurred to me. Consider this UNK _1._ Louis UNK UNK "**h With no strong men and no UNK to dispute his will, he <was> the government". _2._ UNK UNK "A UNK period of UNK and UNK _3._ Louis UNK Eisenhower. "**h he opened his UNK said little, and thought not at all". _4._ Louis UNK Kennedy. "**h not UNK UNK but UNK UNK And Marie UNK Jacqueline UNK "**h the beautiful and UNK _5._ French UNK UNK UNK UNK that Liberals should choose Louis UNK as a UNK of conservatism is grotesquely UNK considering the Louis UNK character of their Grand UNK UNK not only in his accretion of absolute power and personal UNK UNK UNK UNK par UNK UNK but in the disastrous effects of his spending and war policies. In UNK "Louis UNK John UNK victory in Texas signals, once again, the end of the divine right of UNK UNK IT UNK TO UNK that UNK in his editorial "Confrontation" [~SR, Mar& UNK has hit upon the real problem that UNK all of us in a complex world: how do we retain our personal relationship with those who UNK This affects us all UNK and can leave us hopeless in the face of widespread distress. I know of no other solution than the one N&C& UNK to do what we can for each sufferer as he confronts us, hoping that this will spread beyond him to others at some time and some place. Never have I seen this expressed so clearly and so UNK @ UNK YOU for the illustrated editorial UNK It is both great writing and profound religion. @ N&C& HAS UNK something important so well that this preacher will many times be tempted to quote the whole piece. @ I UNK THAT N&C& hit the very core of our existence in the editorial UNK Personally, it meant a great UNK my only hope is that it will be shared by many, many others. @ UNK should UNK us all, whether in Southeast Asia or the U&S&. @ UNK TO N&C& for successfully UNK into the heart of the problems that face the Peace Corps. I concur that it is necessary for Americans to have a confrontation of the situation existing in foreign lands. It would be UNK to see UNK and hence effective leadership, UNK by the poverty and hardship which young Americans will run UNK @ THE UNK "Confrontation" was certainly direct in its appear to those of us living here in America. I personally gained strength from it. Thanks for continuing to capture the attention and uncover so many areas of need in this amazing world. @ UNK UNK "Confrontation" is a stunning piece of writing. I would hope that Sargent UNK will encourage everyone entering the Peace Corps to read it. The important people to humanity are not the UNK and the UNK **h but the UNK and the UNK and the others like them whose names we will never know. @ UNK NOTE: UNK of "Confrontation" will be included among the material to be distributed to members of the Peace Corps. A Peace Corps official described the editorial as UNK the message we need to communicate to the men and women who will soon be Peace Corps UNK UNK UNK F& L& UNK article in UNK April 1 issue seemed to be a very fair and objective analysis of the New English Bible. I certainly hope this will be the impression left in the minds of readers, rather than the comment by Cleveland UNK in his FIRST OF THE UNK column. It is blind, fundamentalist UNK to say, UNK around with the King James version **h seems to us a perilous sport at UNK @ UNK IN UNK UNK UNK is on the right track in his article UNK of UNK [~SR, Mar& UNK The current stereotype of straight news reporting was probably UNK in protecting the press and its readers from pollution by that combination of UNK fact, fancy, and personal opinion called yellow journalism which flourished in this country more than a generation ago. We don't need this type of protection any more. The public is now armed with sophistication and numerous competing UNK Besides, there are no longer enough corruptible UNK about. The accepted method of writing news has two major UNK First, it does not UNK A reporter restricted to the competing propaganda statements of both sides in a major labor dispute, for instance, is unable to tell his readers half of what he knows about the causes of the dispute. Second, it subjects the news to distortion by the UNK The charges by the late junior Senator from Wisconsin not only destroyed innocent people but misled the nation. Yet the press was UNK to put these charges in perspective in its news columns. despite several years of UNK stories, the average citizen was unable to get a complete picture of UNK until he saw on the television screen what the reporters had been seeing all along but had no effective way of UNK The Senator had UNK them in with their own restrictions. It seems to me the time has come for the American press to start experimenting with ways of reporting the news that will do a better job of communicating and will be less subject to abuse by those who have learned how to manipulate the present stereotype to serve their own ends. The objective should be to provide a method of getting into print a higher percentage than is now possible of the relevant information in the possession of reporters and UNK @ UNK UNK UNK I WOULD UNK to see you devote some space in an early issue to the news UNK concerning President Kennedy's activities, so far as Southern California is concerned. You have on more than one occasion praised the idea of a televised press conference and the chance it gives the people to form intelligent opinions. To begin with, the UNK Los Angeles <Times> does not publish a transcript of these press conferences. I am sure that they did when Eisenhower was President. Next, because of the time UNK the conferences come on the networks during the middle of the day. Up until now, the networks have UNK run half-hour UNK at 5 P&M& or sometimes 7 or UNK UNK Even then, a few of the "less UNK questions are edited out and glibly summarized by a UNK However, last night the UNK were not run at all during the evening hours and all we got on ~TV were a few UNK which Douglas Edwards and Huntley and UNK could squeeze into their programs. This is no criticism of them, as they obviously cannot get a half-hour program into a UNK news UNK The radio stations did run UNK (I UNK during the evening hours. However, by comparing the ~TV UNK two different radio station UNK and the UNK Los Angeles <Times> version, I found that the radio stations had edited out questions UNK removed the one regarding UNK or even a paragraph out of the middle of the President's answer. I am interested to know he is getting mail from all over the country about the UNK he is being subjected to. We out here don't see enough of the conference to know he is being UNK I don't know if this is the situation in other parts of the country; apparently it is not. It also happened with the UNK which was not UNK at all during the evening hours, and I wrote to the ~TV editor of the UNK He did mention in his column the fact that he had received many letters about this and he himself did not understand the networks and the independent local UNK not doing this- but nothing happened. Can you bring the UNK attention to this? @ #FOR A COLLEGE OF UNK I WAS UNK in James UNK Young's UNK UNK column in which he raised the question "Do We Need a College of UNK [~SR, Feb& UNK In my UNK we definitely do; and the sad part of it is that we had one, which was rounding into excellent shape, and we let it UNK and UNK During the war, we set up schools for the teaching of psychological warfare, which included the teaching of propaganda, both black and white and the various shades of grey in between. We had a couple of schools in this country, the principal one being on the Marshall Field estate out in UNK UNK There were also a couple in Canada, and several in England. The English schools preceded ours, and by the time we got into it they had learned a lot about the techniques of propaganda and its teaching. Four of us here in the United States UNK first as students, then as UNK almost every one of these schools, in England, Canada, and the United States. We set up the UNK UNK school, worked out its curriculum, and taught there. UNK the end of the war, we really felt that we had learned something about propaganda and how to teach it. When the end did come, and the schools were UNK and abandoned, we felt and hoped that the machinery of psychological warfare would not be allowed to UNK We hoped that its practitioners and teachers might be put on some sort of reserve list and called back for UNK courses each year or so. Alas, no such thing happened. There apparently is no school of propaganda or psychological warfare. A study at the Pentagon and at the service UNK revealed that nothing was being done there. And not one of the four men who attended all the schools has ever been called on to apply any of his knowledge in any way. @ UNK on the article "Do We Need a College of UNK This is one of the most constructive suggestions made in this critical field in years, and I certainly hope it sparks some action. @ UNK THE UNK UNK UNK UNK MANY OF UNK in public relations were flattered that Richard L& UNK chose to devote his editorial in the March 11 UNK UNK to the merger of the Public Relations Society of America and the American Public Relations Association. UNK UNK I WAS UNK and sorry to find in your issue of March 4 a long and detailed attack upon a book that had not yet been published. Whether in his forthcoming book C& P& Snow UNK the errors of judgment and of fact with which your heavily UNK critic charged him is important. One should be able to get hold of the book at once. But the attack was made from an advance UNK If this practice should take root and UNK the man who submits a manuscript to a publisher will find himself reviewed before he is accepted and publication will become a sort of UNK UNK @ UNK NOTE: UNK Robert UNK wrote, on page 50 UNK UNK UNK for 4 March UNK "I have read an advance copy of the Snow book which is to be UNK UNK and UNK Until the work actually appears I am not privileged to analyze it publicly in detail. But I have compared its text with already published UNK on the 1960 series of Godkin lectures at Harvard, from which the book was UNK and I can with confidence challenge the UNK of C& P& Snow's UNK UNK UNK remarks in> UNK UNK not then, constitute a review of the book but a UNK to the Godkin UNK Representatives of Harvard University UNK which is publishing the book this month of April, recognize and freely acknowledge that they invited such reaction by UNK Life UNK to print an excerpt from the book in advance of the book's publication date. The text of the book leaves a somewhat milder impression than the UNK UNK ## UNK UNK UNK UNK of Sir Charles Snow's Godkin UNK is marred throughout by too forceful a desire to defend Lindemann and apparently himself from Sir Charles' supposed UNK while stating those UNK in an UNK UNK argument. The article presents the reader with an absurdity at its beginning. It calls the conclusion admitted valid by UNK and military strategists UNK a UNK conclusion. **h UNK It submits an UNK UNK conception of Lindemann contributing another aspect of the man, but on no more authoritative basis than Sir Charles' account. We are left to choose between the two UNK The only fact that holds any weight in the article is the result of the tea party. But we are to believe that Lindemann actively supported radar outside the UNK Committee, and UNK UNK it UNK If so, I would lean to Sir Charles' conception of the man. I think it was a grave error to print the article at this time. To the unfortunate people unable to attend the Godkin lectures it casts an UNK UNK of UNK over the book which may dissuade some people from reading it. @ IT IS NOT NEWS that Nathan Milstein is a UNK of the UNK Certainly not in Orchestra hall where he has played countless UNK and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony orchestra, playing the Brahms UNK with his own UNK UNK UNK melting into the high, pale, pure and lovely song with which a violinist UNK the heart of the music, or forever finds it closed. There was about that song something UNK for this Brahms was Milstein at white heat. Not the noblest performance we have heard him play, or the most spacious, or even the most UNK Those would be reserved for the UNK great nights when the soloist can UNK himself. This time the orchestra gave him some superb support fired by response to his own high mood. But he had in Walter Hendl a willing conductor able only up to a point. That is, when Mr& Milstein thrust straight to the core of the music, sparks UNK bow UNK violin singing, glittering and sometimes UNK Mr& Hendl could go along. But Mr& Hendl does not go straight to any point. He UNK and lets music UNK There was in the Brahms none of the mysterious and marvelous UNK by which a great conductor can bring soloist, orchestra and music to ultimate UNK So we had some dazzling and memorable UNK but not great UNK The concert opened with another big romantic score, UNK UNK to UNK which suffered UNK this time with orchestral thrusts to the UNK point to keep it afloat. UNK UNK with UNK tunes was a considerably more serious misfortune, for it demands UNK UNK UNK rhythms, and UNK UNK It got the kind of UNK UNK performance that can happen to best of orchestras when the man with the baton lacks technique and style. UNK UNK UNK The UNK Festival opens July 23 with a new production of UNK staged by UNK UNK who is doing all the UNK this time, and conducted by UNK UNK UNK also conducts "The Flying UNK opening July UNK UNK follows July 25, with Hans UNK UNK and he also conducts UNK UNK to be presented Aug& 8 and 12. The UNK cycles are July 26, 27, 28 and 30, and Aug& 21, 22, 23 and 25. UNK UNK UNK No casts are UNK but UNK UNK sent word that the Negro UNK Grace UNK will sing Venus in UNK UNK HOW BY a series of booking UNK Chicago missed seeing the UNK UNK Remember how by lack of two big theaters Chicago missed the first visit of the Royal Danish UNK Well, now we have two big UNK But barring a miracle, and don't hold your breath for it, Chicago will not see the UNK Ballet, which stems from the ballet cradle of the UNK and is one of the great companies of the world. Before you let loose a UNK saying we announced its coming, not once but several times, indeed we did. The engagement was supposed to be all set for the big theater in McCormick UNK which UNK UNK ballet UNK UNK considers the finest house of its kind in the country- and of course he doesn't UNK at the capacity, either. #@# It was all set. Allied Arts corporation first listed the Chicago dates as Dec& 4 thru 10. Later the Hurok office made it Dec& 8 thru 17, a nice, long booking for the full UNK But if you keep a calendar of events, as we do, you noticed a conflict. Allied Arts had booked UNK Dietrich into McCormick Place Dec& 8 and 9. Something had to give. Not La UNK Allied Arts then notified us that the Kirov would cut short its Los Angeles UNK fly here to open Nov& 28, and close Dec& 2. UNK UNK but still a UNK We printed it. A couple of days later a UNK told me he had telephoned Allied Arts for ticket information and was told "the newspapers had made a UNK So I started making some calls of my own. These are the results. #@# The Kirov Ballet is firmly booked into the UNK UNK Los Angeles, Nov& 21 thru Dec& 4. Not a chance of opening here Nov& UNK barring that miracle. Then why not the juicy booking Hurok had held for us? Well, Dietrich won't UNK from McCormick Place. Then how about the UNK Opera UNK Well, Allied Arts has booked UNK UNK there for a week starting Dec& 4. UNK about the UNK Allied Arts said: UNK cancel the Kirov for the time being. It's all up in the air again". So the Kirov will fly back to Russia, minus a Chicago UNK a serious loss for dance UNK and for the frustrated UNK UNK of one of the richest UNK in the country. Will somebody please UNK the UNK UNK and drawings by Marie Moore of St& Thomas, Virgin Islands, are shown thru Nov& 5 at the UNK gallery, UNK Ellis av&, week days, 3 p& m& to 8 p& m&, Sundays 3 p& m& to 6 p& m&, closed UNK @ #@# An exhibition of Evelyn UNK paintings will open with a reception Nov& 5 at the Evanston Community center, UNK Davis st&. It will continue all month. #@# UNK and UNK by Everett UNK are being exhibited by the University gallery of Notre Dame until Nov& 5. In the line of operatic trades to cushion the budget, the Dallas UNK Opera will use San Francisco's new UNK UNK production of UNK di UNK this season, returning the favor next season when San Francisco uses the Dallas "Don UNK designed by UNK UNK UNK E& UNK has UNK a UNK called UNK UNK the UNK It is one of the most entertaining and irresponsible novels of the season. If there is a moral UNK among the UNK it is hard to find. Perhaps the lesson we should take from these pages is that the welfare state in England still allows wild scope for all kinds of rugged UNK UNK a number of them meet here in devastating UNK One is an imperial London UNK called UNK Another is a UNK UNK called UNK whose UNK UNK progress has been UNK I believe, in earlier volumes of Mr& UNK UNK UNK What's up now? Well, UNK and his wife UNK have reached the stage of UNK that stirs a longing for the more UNK expensive rustic UNK They want to own a UNK UNK or a manor house, or some modest little place where Shakespeare might once have staged a UNK for Great Elizabeth and all her bearded UNK They are willing to UNK however, in anything that offers UNK to shoot at and peasants to work at. And of course Larkin has just the thing they want. UNK BY UNK It's a UNK The name of it is Gore Court, and it is surrounded by a UNK that would impress T& S& UNK That's not precisely the way Larkin urges them to look at it, though. He UNK herds of UNK and wild birds crowding the air. He suggests that Gore Court UNK all the UNK of Tudor UNK The UNK windows may have developed UNK UNK the UNK may be no more durable than the UNK in a political platform. The vast, UNK UNK may seem hardly worth using except on occasions when one is faced with a thousand unexpected guests for UNK Larkin has an answer to all that. The UNK of the Tudor cooking areas, for example, will provide needed space for the extra television sets required by modern UNK cooks and UNK Also, perhaps, UNK and other indoor sports to keep them fit and UNK It's a wonder, UNK to how much UNK trouble Larkin puts himself to sell the UNK that preposterous UNK He doesn't really need the immense sum of money UNK converted from American gold on the London UNK he makes them pay. For Larkin is already wonderfully contented with his lot. He has a glorious wife and many children. When he needs money to buy something like, say, the UNK he keeps near his vegetable UNK he takes a flyer in the sale of surplus army supplies. One of those UNK UNK in fact, has UNK him with Gore Court. He is willing to sell it just to get it off his hands. And the UNK are more than willing to buy it. They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a UNK life on earth. UNK UNK UNK THE UNK If, in UNK eyes, they are nothing but UNK farmers, he has as much to learn about them as they have to learn about the ways of truly rural living. Mr& UNK shows us how this mutual education spreads its inevitable UNK UNK is practiced by both sides in a total war. First the UNK are ahead, then the UNK After Larkin has been persuaded to UNK his tangled acres with UNK he UNK only what he needs for the UNK of his family and local UNK One of the local UNK a retired brigadier apparently left over from UNK tales of India, does not approve of the way Larkin gets his birds. He doesn't think that UNK them from a deck chair on the south side of the house with a quart glass of beer for UNK is entirely UNK But the brigadier UNK on the birds with UNK IT is truly odd and ironic that the most handsome and impressive film yet made from UNK de UNK "Don UNK is the brilliant Russian UNK done in wide screen and color, which opened yesterday at the UNK Street and UNK Street UNK More than a beautiful UNK of the UNK adventures and UNK of the UNK UNK and his UNK Sancho UNK in UNK UNK this inevitably UNK rendering of the classic satire on UNK is an UNK warm and human exposition of character. #@# UNK UNK the Russian actor who has played such heroic roles as Alexander UNK and Ivan the UNK performs the UNK Don UNK and does so with a simple dignity that bridges the inner UNK and the surface absurdity of this poignant man. His UNK UNK UNK to the ridiculous position in an age when UNK had already been relegated to museums and the UNK code of UNK had become a UNK is, as UNK no doubt intended, a UNK but gracious symbol of good, moving UNK and sincerely in a world of UNK UNK and UNK UNK does not UNK him, as some actors have been inclined to do. He treats this UNK bearded, bony UNK with tangible affection and respect. UNK by UNK UNK in a tempo that is UNK slow, he develops a sense of a high tradition shining brightly and passing UNK through an UNK world. The complexities of communication have been considerably abetted in this case by appropriately UNK English language that has been excellently dubbed in place of the Russian UNK The voices of all the characters, including that of UNK have UNK UNK or color to conform with the UNK And the subtleties of the dialogue are most helpfully UNK Since Russian was being spoken instead of Spanish, there is no violation of UNK or logic here. UNK too, is the performance of Yuri UNK one of Russia's leading UNK as Sancho UNK the UNK grotesque UNK Though his character is broader and more UNK rounded than the UNK he gives it a firmness and UNK a sort of peasant UNK too. It is really as though the Russians have seen in this character the UNK underlying vitality and courage of supposed UNK The episode in which Sancho UNK concludes the joke that is played on him when he is UNK put in command of an UNK is one of the best in the film. #@# True, the pattern and flow of the drama have strong literary qualities that are a bit UNK in the first half, before Don UNK goes to the UNK court. But strength and UNK develop UNK and the UNK and UNK episodes gather the threads of realization of the UNK of the old boy. There are other good representations of peasants and people of the court by actors who are finely UNK and magnificently photographed in this last of the Russian films to reach this country in the program of joint cultural exchange. Also on the bill at the UNK Street is a nice UNK color film called UNK in Greenwich UNK a tour of the UNK and joints. UNK has yet to work out a living arrangement with jazz, which comes to the medium more as an uneasy guest than as a relaxed member of the family. There seems to be an unfortunate assumption that an hour of UNK jazz in prime evening time, for example, could not be justified without the trimmings of a UNK UNK At least this seemed to be the working hypothesis for "Chicago and All That UNK presented on UNK Nov& UNK The program came out of the ~NBC Special Projects department, and was UNK in the Du Pont Show of the Week series. Perhaps Special Projects necessarily thinks along UNK lines. If so, it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different UNK one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their UNK As a matter of fact, this latter approach has already been tried, and with pleasing results. A few years ago a UNK UNK Jazz UNK offered a broad range of UNK ranging from UNK UNK big band to the UNK UNK of UNK An enthusiastic audience confirmed the UNK character of the hour, and provided the interaction between musician and UNK which almost always seems to improve the quality of performance. About that same time John UNK ~TV series on the popular arts proved again that giving jazz ample breathing space is one of the most sensible things a producer can do. In an hour remembered for its almost UNK movement, a score of jazz UNK went before the cameras for lengthy periods. The program had been arranged to permit the establishment of a mood of intense concentration on the music. UNK stared at UNK faces in extreme UNK then UNK pulled back for full views of ensemble work. "Chicago and All That UNK could not be UNK on the choice of artists. Some of the UNK performers were Jack UNK Gene UNK Bud Freeman, UNK UNK UNK Johnny St& UNK Joe Sullivan, Red Allen, UNK UNK UNK UNK The jazz buff could hardly ask for more. Furthermore, Garry Moore makes an ideal master of UNK (He played host at the UNK show already UNK One of the UNK big problems was how to blend pictures and music of the past with live performances by musicians of today. ~NBC had gathered a lot of historical material which it was eager to share. For example, there was sheet music with the word UNK in the title, to illustrate how a word of uncertain origin took UNK UNK UNK into UNK range in regular UNK like telephone poles passing on the highway, while representative music reinforced the mood of the late teens and 1920's. However well chosen and cleverly arranged, such UNK unfortunately amounted to more of an interruption than an auxiliary to the UNK main business, which UNK the talent at UNK should probably have been the gathering of fresh samples of the Chicago style. Another source of ~NBC pride was its rare film clip of UNK UNK but this view of the great UNK flew by so fast that a prolonged UNK would have UNK out the entire UNK Similarly, in presenting still photographs of early jazz groups, the program allowed no time for a close UNK "Chicago and All That UNK may have wound up satisfying neither the confirmed fan nor the UNK UNK By trying to be both a serious survey of a UNK era and a showcase for today's artists, the program turned out to be a UNK example of either. Still, the UNK willingness to experiment in this musical field is to be UNK and future essays happily anticipated. Even Joan Sutherland may not have anticipated the tremendous reception she received from the Metropolitan Opera audience attending her debut as Lucia in UNK UNK di UNK Sunday night. The crowd staged its own mad scene in UNK of UNK and applause and finally a standing UNK as Miss Sutherland took curtain call after curtain call following a fantastic UNK UNK created on her own and with the help of the composer and the other UNK Her entrance in UNK 2, Act 1, brought some UNK applause even before she had sung a note. Thereafter the audience UNK UNK but discriminating UNK reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain, her UNK some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable UNK As she gained UNK during the second act, her technical UNK emerged stronger, though she had already revealed a UNK almost unprecedented in years of performances of UNK She topped the UNK UNK Each high note had the crowd in ecstasy so that it stopped the show midway in the UNK UNK but the real reason was a realization of the extraordinary performance unfolding at the moment. Miss Sutherland appeared almost as another person in this UNK A much more girlish UNK a sensational UNK who ran across stage while singing, and an UNK immersed in her role. What followed the UNK brought almost UNK silence as Miss Sutherland revealed her mastery of a voice probably unique among UNK today. This big, flexible voice with uncommon range has been superbly UNK UNK at the start must have caused the UNK of her first scene, or she may warm up slowly. In the fullness of her vocal UNK however, she could sing the famous scene UNK UNK it was UNK UNK UNK and dramatically quite realistic. Many years have passed since a Metropolitan audience heard anything UNK Her debut over, perhaps the earlier scenes will emerge equally fine. The performance also marked the debut of a most promising young conductor, UNK UNK He UNK more vitality into the score than it has revealed in many years. He may respect too much the Italian tradition of letting singers hold on to their notes, but to restrain them in a UNK opera may be quite difficult. Richard Tucker sang UNK in glorious voice. His UNK UNK style gave the performance a special distinction. The remainder of the cast fulfilled its assignments no more than satisfactorily just as the old production and limited stage direction proved only UNK Miss Sutherland first sang Lucia at UNK Garden in 1959. (The first Metropolitan Opera broadcast on Dec& 9 will introduce her as UNK She has since turned to UNK whose opera UNK di UNK in a concert version with the American Opera Society introduced her to New York last season. She will sing "La UNK with it here next week. Anyone for musical UNK It's really quite UNK as long as you like games. You will need a stereo music system, with speakers preferably placed at least seven or eight feet apart, and one or more of the new London UNK UNK records. There are 12 of these to choose from, all of them of popular music except for the star release, UNK in UNK UNK This features the marching songs of several nations, recorded as though the various national bands were marching by your reviewing stand. UNK with crowd effects, UNK by jet UNK and sundry other touches of realism, this disc displays London's new technique to the best effect. All of the UNK carry a fairly technical and detailed explanation of this new recording program. No reference is made to the possibility of recording other than popular music in this manner, and it would not seem to lend itself well to serious music. UNK is greatly exaggerated most of the time; but when the sounds of the two speakers are allowed to UNK there is excellent depth and dimension to the music. You definitely hear some of the instruments close up and others farther back, with the difference in placement apparently more distinct than would result from the nearer instruments merely being UNK than the ones farther back. This is a characteristic of good stereo recording and one of its tremendous advantages over UNK sound. London explains that the very distinct directional effect in the Phase 4 series is due in large part to their novel methods of UNK and recording the music on a number of separate tape channels. These are then mixed by their sound engineers with the active co-operation of the musical staff and combined into the final two channels which are impressed on the record. In some of the numbers the instrumental parts have even been recorded at different times and then later combined on the master tape to produce special effects. Some clue to the character of London's approach in these discs may be gained immediately from the fact that ten of the 12 titles include the word UNK or UNK UNK UNK UNK and other percussive instruments are reproduced remarkably well. Only too often, however, you have the feeling that you are sitting in a room with some of the instruments lined up on one wall to your left and others facing them on the wall to your right. They are definitely in the same room with you, but your head starts to swing as though you were sitting on the very edge of a tennis court watching a spirited UNK {The UNK UNK UNK stirs pleasant memories with well-known songs of that day, and Johnny UNK UNK gives forth with tingling jazz in UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK seemed one of the least attractive UNK the arrangements just didn't have so much character as the others. There is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these UNK apparently obtained at least in part by UNK the middle and high frequencies. The penalty for this is noticeable in the big, bold, brilliant, but UNK piano sounds in UNK and UNK for Two UNK UNK All of the releases, however, are recorded at a UNK high level, with resultant UNK of any surface noise. UNK in UNK practically guarantees UNK and is a dramatic demonstration of the potentialities of any stereo music system. Many Hollywood films manage somehow to be UNK but not realistic. UNK but UNK authenticity and realism often aren't related at all. Almost every film bearing the UNK of Hollywood is physically UNK in fact, UNK so. In any given period piece the costumes, UNK vehicles, and UNK bear the stamp of UNK UNK The major UNK maintain a cadre of film librarians and research specialists who look to this matter. During the making recently of an important Biblical film, some 40 volumes of research material and sketches not only of costumes and UNK but of architectural developments, sports UNK vehicles, and other UNK were UNK UNK and complied with. But, alas, the authenticity seems to stop at the UNK edge. The drama itself- and this seems to be lavishly true of Biblical UNK often has hardly any relationship with authenticity at all. The UNK in sort, is wildly UNK Thus, in "The Story of UNK we have Ruth, UNK and UNK and sets that are meticulously UNK But except for a vague adherence to the basic UNK i&e&, that Ruth remained with UNK and finally wound up with UNK the film version has little to do with the Bible. And in the new "King of UNK the plot involves intrigues and twists and turns that cannot be traced to the UNK UNK this month Edward R& UNK director of the United States Information Agency, came to Hollywood and had dinner with more than 100 leaders of the motion picture industry. He talked about UNK UNK too. He intimated that they weren't doing the country much good in the Cold War. And to an industry that UNK itself on UNK he urged greater realism. "in many corners of the UNK he said, "the major source of impressions about this country are in the movies they meet. Would we want a UNK UNK or UNK UNK the saga of America with movies as his prime source of UNK Yet for much of the globe, Hollywood is just that- UNK if not UNK source of knowledge. If a man totally ignorant of America were to judge our land and its civilization based on Hollywood alone, what conclusions do you think he might come to? UNK UNK UNK violinist who made his New York debut three years ago, played a return engagement last night in UNK Hall. He is now president of the Chicago UNK College. His pianist was Donald UNK a faculty member at UNK University. The UNK of the small hall had been UNK by the artists, so that for the first half of the program, when the piano was partially open, Mr& UNK playing was too UNK In UNK with him, Mr& D'Albert also seemed to be UNK his tone. This was not an UNK UNK to enjoyment of the performances, however, except in the case of the opening work, UNK Sonata in ~A UNK UNK which UNK along UNK in an unrelieved fashion. UNK Sonata in ~A, although also vigorous, stood up well under the two artists' strong, large-scale treatment. Mr& D'Albert has a firm, attractive tone, which UNK an overly sweet UNK He made the most of the long UNK UNK and by the UNK and drive of his playing gave the work a handsome performance. A Sonata for UNK and UNK called UNK UNK by Robert UNK was given its first United States performance. The title refers to the nickname given his wife by the composer, who is also a member of the National UNK Board of Canada. The UNK two movements, one UNK sentimental, the other brightly UNK are clever enough in a UNK style, but they UNK a UNK idiom. They might well indicate conjugal UNK but in musical terms that UNK of UNK Works by UNK UNK Mr& D'Albert himself and UNK indicated that the violinist had some UNK fireworks up his sleeve as well as a reserved attitude toward a lyric UNK Standard items by UNK and UNK completed the program. @ IN recent years Anna Xydis has played with the New York Philharmonic and at Lewisohn Stadium, but her program last night at Town Hall was the UNK pianist's first New York recital since 1948. Miss Xydis has a natural affinity for the UNK and in the twenty years since her debut here she has gained the authority and inner assurance that lead to audience control. And the tone she commands is always beautiful in sound. Since she also has considerable technical UNK and a feeling for music in the romantic tradition, Miss Xydis gave her listeners a good deal of pleasure. She played with style and a touch of the grand manner, and every piece she performed was especially effective in its closing measures. The second half of her program was devoted to Russian composers of this century. It was in them that Miss Xydis was at her best. The UNK UNK No& 12, Op& 32, for instance, gave her an opportunity to exploit one of her special UNK the ability to produce fine UNK bass tones while contrasting them simultaneously with fine silver UNK in the UNK The four UNK UNK were also assured, rich in color and UNK And the Prokofieff Seventh Sonata had the combination of UNK and modern UNK that Prokofieff needs. Miss UNK earlier selections were UNK Variations UNK in which each variation was nicely set off from the UNK UNK Sonata in ~E minor, which was UNK pleasant in sound, and UNK Sonata in ~B flat UNK A memory lapse in the last somewhat marred the pianist's performance. So what was the deepest music on her program had the poorest UNK Miss Xydis was best when she did not need to be too UNK ALL the generals who held important commands in World War /2, did not write books. It only seems as if they did. And the best books by generals were not necessarily the first ones written. One of the very best is only now published in this country, five years after its first publication in England. It is "Defeat Into UNK by Field Marshal UNK UNK A long book heavily UNK with military UNK in this edition it is neither so long nor so technical as it was UNK Field Marshal Slim has UNK it for the benefit of UNK who, finding not so great an attraction in accounts of military moves and UNK are more interested in men and their reactions to stress, hardship and UNK The man whose reactions and conclusions get the most space is, of course, the Field Marshal himself. William Joseph UNK First UNK UNK former Governor General of Australia, was the principal British commander in the field during the Burma War. He had been a corps commander during the disastrous defeat and retreat of 1942 when the UNK UNK British forces "were UNK UNK and UNK He returned in command of an international army of UNK Indians, UNK Chinese and UNK And in a series of bitterly fought battles in the UNK and hills and along the great rivers of Burma he waged one of the most brilliant campaigns of the war. "The UNK UNK his soldiers called the Burma fighting because the war in Africa and Europe enjoyed priorities in equipment and in UNK Parts of "Defeat Into UNK are a tangle of Burmese place names and military units, but a little application makes everything clear enough. On the whole this is an interesting and exceptionally UNK book. Field Marshal Slim is striking in UNK amusing in many UNK He has a pleasant sense of humor and is modest enough to admit mistakes and even "a cardinal UNK He UNK many individuals UNK He himself seems to be tough, UNK able and intelligent, more intellectual and UNK than most soldiers. UNK AN UNK TO UNK "Defeat Into UNK is a dramatic and lively military narrative. But it is most interesting in its account of the unending problems of high command, of decisions and their reasons, of the myriad matters that demand attention in addition to battle action. Before he could return to Burma, Field Marshal Slim had to rally the defeated UNK of a discouraged army and unite them with fresh UNK His remarks about training, discipline, UNK leadership and command are UNK He believed in making inspiring speeches and he made a great many. He believed in being seen near the front lines and he was there. For general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers, when food was short for combat troops he cut the UNK of his headquarters staff accordingly. Other crucial matters required constant UNK labor and all UNK troops, whose morale was UNK too; administrative organization and delicate diplomatic relations with Top UNK British, American and UNK health, UNK medical aid and preventive UNK hospitals UNK and nurses UNK food and military UNK logistics and UNK UNK and UNK roads and river UNK to be built. UNK OF A UNK UNK on these and other matters, Field Marshal Slim makes many frank and provocative UNK "When in doubt as to two courses of action, a general should choose the UNK "The commander has failed in <his> duty if he has not won UNK for that <is> his UNK "It only does harm to talk to troops about new and desirable equipment which others may have but which you cannot give them. It UNK them. So I made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it". Field Marshal Slim is more impressed by the courage of Japanese soldiers than he is by the ability of their UNK Of the Japanese private he says: "He fought and marched till he died. If 500 Japanese were ordered to hold a position, we had to kill UNK before it was UNK and then the last five killed UNK UNK about future wars, the Field Marshal has this to say: "The Asian fighting man is at least equally brave UNK the UNK usually more careless of death, less UNK by mental doubts, less troubled by UNK UNK and not so moved by UNK and UNK around him. He is, by background and living standards, better fitted to endure hardship UNK to demand less in the way of subsistence or comfort, and to look after himself when thrown on his own UNK A bunch of young UNK from out West, who go by the name of Texas Boys UNK UNK into Town Hall last night and succeeded in UNK the hearts of a sizable audience. Actually, the program they sang was at least two-thirds serious and UNK and they sang it UNK Under the capable direction of the UNK founder, UNK UNK the twenty-six boys made some lovely sounds in an opening group of Renaissance and baroque UNK and UNK excerpts from UNK UNK UNK and all of the UNK UNK of UNK Their singing was UNK clear and, within obvious UNK extremely UNK The limitations are those one expects from UNK and unsettled UNK an occasional UNK of almost UNK intensity, an occasional waver and now and then a UNK But Mr& UNK is a remarkably gifted conductor, and the results he has produced with his boys are generally UNK Most surprising of all, he has accomplished some UNK in training for the production of words. The Latin, for example, was not only clear; it was even UNK Furthermore, there were solid musical virtues in the interpretation of the music. Lines came out neatly and in good balance. UNK were lively. The piano accompaniments by UNK UNK were UNK A boy UNK named Dixon UNK sang a UNK solo UNK and a few other passages UNK Other capable UNK included David UNK Joseph UNK and Pat UNK The final group included folk songs from back home, UNK out, shouted and chanted with irresistible spirit and in cowboy UNK Boys will be boys, and Texans will be UNK The combination proved quite irresistible last night. @ THE Polish song and dance company called UNK after the region of Poland, where it has its headquarters, opened a UNK engagement at the City Center last night. A thoroughly UNK company it is, and when the final curtain falls you may suddenly realize that you have been sitting with a broad grin on your face all evening. Not that it is all funny, by any means, though some of it is definitely so, but simply that the dancers are young and handsome, high-spirited and UNK and the program itself is as UNK as it is varied. There is no use at all in trying to follow it dance by dance and title by title, for it has a kind of UNK UNK and moves along in an admirable continuity that demands no UNK for identification. The material is all basically of folk origin, UNK from every section of Poland. But under the direction of UNK UNK who with her late husband founded the organization in 1948, it has all been put into theatrical form, treated UNK choreographed specifically for presentation to UNK and performed altogether UNK Under the surface of the wide range of folk movements is apparent a sound technical ballet training, and an equally professional sense of UNK #@# Since the organization was created thirteen years ago, it is obvious that this is not the original UNK it is more likely the sons and daughters of that company. The girls are charming children and the men are wonderfully vital and engaging youngsters. The stage is constantly full of them; indeed, there are never fewer than eight of them on stage, and that is only for the more intimate numbers. They can be exuberant or sentimental, UNK or funny, but the only thing they seem unable to be is dull. To pick out particular numbers is something of a problem, but one or two identifiable items are too conspicuously excellent to be missed. There is for example, a stunning UNK that closes the first act; the UNK choreographed by UNK UNK to music from UNK opera, UNK UNK may be the most beautiful UNK you are likely ever to UNK there is an enchanting UNK and the dances and songs from the UNK contain a magnificent dance for the men. Everywhere there are little touches of humor, and the leader of the UNK band of musicians is an UNK UNK who plays all sorts of odd instruments with winning UNK The UNK UNK presents "King of UNK by Jean UNK and Eleanor UNK UNK by Michael UNK settings by William David UNK The cast: @ UNK John Holmes has chosen a delightful comedy for his season's UNK at UNK in Jean UNK "King of UNK The dialogue is sharp, witty and UNK typical UNK eat the UNK UNK which has stamped the author throughout her books and plays, and it was obvious that the UNK audience liked it. The story is of a famous strip cartoonist, an UNK individual, whose UNK is the American boy and who UNK a 10-year-old to provide him with fresh idea material. This is when his troubles begin, not to mention a UNK artist who he UNK and who turns out to have ideas of his own, with particular respect to the UNK UNK John UNK playing Larry UNK the cartoonist, carries the show in marvelous fashion. His portrayal of an UNK UNK artist is virtually UNK This may be UNK perhaps, from the standpoint of David UNK UNK contribution to UNK who is appearing by special arrangement with 20th UNK Not that Mr& UNK does not make the most of his role. He does, and more. But the book is written around a somewhat UNK cartoonist, and it has to be that way. A word should be said for Gary Morgan, a Broadway youngsters who, as the adopted son, makes life miserable for nearly everybody and Larkin in UNK And for his UNK Francis UNK of West Warwick, who has a bit part, UNK On the whole, audiences will like this performance. It is a tremendous book, lively, constantly moving, and the UNK cast does well by it. The UNK UNK presents UNK FOR UNK UNK by John UNK and Anthony UNK directed by Wallace UNK The cast: @ The UNK young man in Newport last night was at the UNK where UNK for George UNK opened as the jazz festival closed. For the hero of this work by John UNK and Anthony UNK is a UNK UNK by more than the lack of beer during a jam session. He's mad at a world he did not make. Furthermore, he's something of a UNK an artist whose mind and feelings are all UNK This is in contrast to the family with whom he boards. They not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as well. It is into this household, one eroded by UNK that have tortured the souls out of its people, that George Dillon enters at the beginning of the play. An unsuccessful UNK and UNK he has faith only in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists. By the end of the third act, the artist is dead but the body UNK on, a shell among other UNK Not altogether a successful play, UNK for George UNK overcomes through sheer vitality and power what in a lesser work might be UNK It is UNK UNK for instance, and not all of the talk is terribly impressive. But it strikes sparks on occasion and their light causes all else to be forgotten. There is a fine second act, as an example, one in which Samuel UNK as UNK has an opportunity to blaze away in one impassioned passage after another. This is an exciting young actor to UNK Just as exciting but in a more technically proficient way is Laura UNK whose complete control of her every movement is lovely to UNK Miss Stuart is as intensely vibrant as one could wish, almost an icy UNK threatening to explode at any moment. Also fine are Sue UNK as a mother more protective and belligerent than a female UNK and just as UNK Harold UNK as her UNK UNK and UNK UNK as a vegetable in human form. Wallace Gray has directed a difficult play here, usually well, but with just a bit too much physical movement in the first act for my taste. Still, his finale is put together with taste and a most sensitive projection of that pale UNK despair. The UNK UNK UNK presents UNK UNK with music and lyrics by Frank UNK directed by Christopher UNK choreography by Peter UNK musical direction by Samuel UNK The cast: @ Everybody fell in love with Amy again last night at the Warwick Musical Theater, and Shelley Berman was to blame. One of the finest soft shoe tunes ever UNK "Once in Love with UNK is also, of course, one of the most UNK persistent of light love lyrics to come out of American musical comedy in our era. So the audience last night was all ears and eyes just after Act /2, got a rousing opening chorus, "Where's UNK and Berman UNK out all alone on the stage with the UNK chords and beat of the song just whispering into being. It is greatly to UNK credit that he made no attempt to outdo Ray UNK He dropped his earlier and delightful UNK which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called UNK UNK and let himself go with as an appealing an UNK as anybody could ask. In brief, Berman played himself and not UNK The big audience started UNK even before he had finished. The whole production this week is fresh and lively. The costumes are stunning UNK of the voluminous UNK and picture UNK of the Gibson Girl days. The ballet work is on the nose, especially in the opening number by "The New UNK UNK Society and UNK UNK UNK along with a fiery and UNK Brazilian UNK later. UNK whose fame has rested in recent years on his skills as a night club UNK proved himself very much at home in musical comedy. UNK Virginia UNK with sparkling blue eyes and a cheerful smile, made a UNK UNK Amy, while UNK UNK as the real aunt, was positively monumental in the very best Gibson Girl manner. All told, "Where's UNK ought not to be missed. It has a fast pace, excellent music, expert direction, and not only a good UNK but an appealing person in his own right, Mr& UNK The Broadway Theater League of Rhode Island presents C& Edwin UNK and Martin UNK production of UNK at Veterans Memorial UNK The book is by Jerome UNK and George UNK music by Jerry UNK lyrics by Sheldon UNK choreography by Peter UNK scenery, costumes and lighting by William and Jean UNK musical direction by Jack UNK and the production was directed by Mr& UNK The cast: @ This is one of the happier events of the season. The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of UNK the politicians are in fine voice, the UNK evoke happy UNK and the Little UNK rides to break a UNK again. I saw UNK performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good, and perhaps better. Certainly in the matter of principals there is nothing lacking. Bob Carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to UNK as Tom UNK does, but I was amazed at the way he became more and more UNK as the evening progressed, until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this wasn't really UNK come back among us again. Then Rudy Bond was simply grand as UNK the UNK Republican Party district UNK And Paul UNK as Morris, the faithful one who never gets home to his UNK dinner, was fine, too. As for the ladies, they were full of UNK and sincerity, and deep and abiding affection for this UNK driving, honest, little man. UNK UNK was excellent as the loyal UNK who became the second Mrs& UNK singing and acting with remarkable conviction. UNK UNK as UNK his first wife, managed to make that short role impressive. And little UNK North, a UNK with real spirit and UNK was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for UNK the UNK who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into UNK or just dancing to display her exuberant feelings. Such fascinating novelties in the score as the UNK treatment of "On the Side of the UNK and UNK and UNK were handled UNK and I thought Rudy Bond and his band of UNK UNK made "Little UNK UNK even better than it was done by the New York UNK all the words of its clever lyrics came through with perfect clarity. The party at UNK UNK gave the UNK a chance for a nostalgic UNK through all those UNK UNK which have become a classic choreographic statement of the UNK nonsense. UNK UNK UNK when he is running for Congress, are well UNK and wind up in a wild Jewish UNK that is really great musical theater. Martin UNK has established quite a reputation for himself as a successful UNK of touring UNK Not a corner has been visibly cut in this one. The sets are remarkably elaborate for a UNK that doesn't pause long in any one place, and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or UNK UNK times recently I have wondered whether shows were being staged for the sake of the script or just to entertain the audience with the spectacle of scenery being shifted right in front of their eyes. I'm glad to say there's none of that UNK in this UNK It has all been done in superb style, and the result is a show which deserves the support of every person UNK who enjoys good musical theater. UNK UNK presents UNK the Boys UNK an UNK picture produced by Joe UNK and directed by Henry UNK from a UNK by George UNK The cast: @ Since the hero, a UNK and UNK fellow, is a rich Brown UNK while two UNK are cast as virtual UNK I suppose I should UNK myself from sitting in judgment on "Where the Boys UNK but I shall do nothing of the sort. UNK and not just to prove my UNK I hasten to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the Easter vacation UNK of UNK down in Fort UNK and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly UNK youngsters in this age group- that is to say, sex. The answers the girls give struck me as reasonably varied and UNK individual. If most of them weren't exactly UNK well, that's the way it is in life, I UNK But at least it's reassuring to see some teenagers who don't profess to know all the answers and are thinking about their problems instead. "Where the Boys UNK also has a juvenile bounce that makes for a refreshing venture in comedy. There are some sharp and whipping lines and some UNK funny UNK the best of the latter being a mass impromptu plunge into a UNK tank where a UNK is UNK Most of the female faces are new, or at least not too familiar. UNK UNK is charming in a leading role, and quite UNK I was delighted with Paula UNK comedy performance, which was as fresh and UNK as one's highest hopes might ask. A couple of the males made good comedy, too- Jim UNK and Frank UNK The only performance which was too soft for me was that of UNK UNK but since someone had to become the victim of UNK just to emphasize that such things do happen at these UNK I suppose this was the attitude the part called for. I must say, however, that I preferred the acting that had something of a UNK edge to it. To anyone who remembers Newport at its less than maximum violence, this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the Jazz Festival ought to prove UNK The second UNK UNK Price of UNK is a British detective story that will talk your head off. The superb intellectual and spiritual vitality of William James was never more evident than in his letters. Here was a man with an enormous gift for living as well as thinking. To both persons and ideas he brought the same delighted interest, the same UNK UNK for what was unique in each, the same discriminating sensibility and UNK intelligence, the same gallantry of judgment. For this latest addition to the Great Letters UNK under the general UNK of Louis UNK Miss UNK has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of UNK genius, not to mention the UNK of his style. And how he could UNK His famous criticism of brother UNK UNK UNK is surely as UNK even UNK worded an analysis of the latter's intricate air UNK as Henry himself could ever have UNK His letter to his daughter on the pains of growing up is surely as UNK UNK and warmly understanding a piece of advice as ever a grown-up penned to a sensitive child, and with just the right tone of UNK good humor. #@# Most of all, his letters to his philosophic colleagues show a UNK as well as an honesty which help to explain UNK reference to James as "that adorable genius". Miss UNK speaks of his UNK gift for intellectual UNK and it is certainly a joy to see the intellectual life lived so free from either academic UNK or passionate UNK This is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of UNK or even desire for UNK between UNK schools of thought. It holds an equally valuable lesson for a society where the word UNK has become a term of UNK to millions of well-meaning people who somehow imagine that it must be destructive of the simpler human UNK To his Harvard colleague, UNK Royce, whose philosophic position differed radically from his own, James could write, UNK as our minds are, yours has nourished mine, as no other social influence ever has, and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived UNK Of another colleague, George UNK he could UNK "The great event in my life recently has been the reading of UNK book. Although I absolutely reject the Platonism of it, I have literally UNK with delight at the UNK perfection with which the position is laid down on page after UNK #@# Writing to his colleague George Herbert UNK UNK old UNK as he addresses him- James says that if only the students at Harvard could really understand Royce, UNK Palmer, and himself and see that their varying systems are "so many religions, ways of fronting life, and worth fighting UNK then Harvard would have a genuine philosophic universe. "The best condition of it would be an open conflict and rivalry of the diverse systems **h. The world might ring with the struggle, if we devoted ourselves exclusively to UNK each UNK The UNK is of course UNK yet James was not lacking in fundamental UNK unless we measure him by that ultimate seriousness of the great religious leader or thinker who stakes all on his vision of God. To James this vision never quite came, despite his appreciation of it in others. But there is a dignity and even a UNK of the inspired prophet in his words to one UNK "You ask what I am going to UNK to UNK But why need one reply to everything and everybody? **h I think that readers generally hate UNK UNK and UNK All UNK of ours should, I believe, be either very broad statements of contrast, or fine points treated UNK and as far as possible UNK **h. As far as the rising generation goes, why not simply express ourselves UNK and trust that the UNK view quietly will displace the other. Here again UNK will know his UNK The collected works of James UNK now numbering 25 volumes (including the present UNK represent a high standard of literary UNK as every UNK UNK The UNK quality of his drawings, akin to that of UNK scratched on a UNK wall, is equally well known. About all that remains to be said is that the present selection, most of which appeared first in The New UNK UNK (as UNK a slightly UNK UNK held together by little more than a slender thread UNK inserted in the UNK of the book. The one unifying note, if any, is sounded in the initial article entitled: "How to Get Through the UNK It is repeated at intervals in some rather sadly desperate UNK for UNK the UNK and others forced to rely on inner resources, including (in the UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK "The UNK of UNK suggests arbitrary alphabetical associations to induce UNK And new UNK of UNK UNK are opened by scholarly UNK entitled: UNK UNK UNK UNK Me Your UNK "Such a UNK as Drifts Through UNK and "The New UNK Some of UNK UNK methods involve strong UNK of mixed UNK UNK and UNK and are recommended for use only in extreme cases. #@# A UNK UNK entitled: UNK the Herald UNK Times, and All the Other Angels UNK brilliantly succeeds in exaggerating even UNK UNK "How the UNK UNK features an UNK accurate take-off on UNK UNK who attempt to UNK radio-~TV UNK and "The UNK of the UNK is a veritable waking UNK A UNK literary document entitled "The UNK of Henry UNK is UNK if only for a UNK trenchant though UNK comment on the master's difficult later period by modest Owen UNK author of "The UNK James, he remarks in a letter to a friend, "is attempting the impossible **h namely, to produce upon the reader, as a painting produces upon the UNK a number of UNK simultaneous impressions. He would like to put several sentences on top of each other so that you could read them all at once, and get all at once, the various UNK and UNK Equally penetrating in its fashion is the following remark by a lady in the course of a literary UNK "So much has already been written about everything that you can't find out anything about it". Or the mildly UNK utterance UNK a UNK UNK place is in the UNK Who but Thurber can be counted on to UNK such UNK UNK A tribute to UNK UNK seems terribly funny, though it would be hard to explain why. "One of them UNK the UNK of the window nearest my bed around midnight in July and I leaped out of sleep and out of bed. UNK just a UNK said my wife UNK and I sighed with relief. UNK God for UNK I UNK 'I thought it was a human UNK #@# In a sense, perhaps, Thurber is indebted artistically to the UNK painter UNK it UNK UNK who first conceived the startling fancy of a picture window in the UNK That is, it is literally a picture UNK you don't see into the UNK you see a UNK trees, or flowers. This is something like what UNK best effects are like, if I am not mistaken. Though no longer able to turn out his UNK UNK sketches UNK old favorites are scattered through the present UNK Thurber has retained UNK his vision of humor as a thing of simple, UNK UNK In his concluding paragraph he writes: "The devoted writer of humor will continue to try to come as close to truth as he UNK For many readers Thurber comes closer than anyone else in sight. The latest Low is a UNK The master's hand has lost none of its craft. He is at his usual best in exposing the UNK and UNK of political and diplomatic life in the fifties. The reader meets a few old friends like UNK and the UNK horse, and becomes better acquainted with new members of the cast of characters like the bomb itself, and civilization in her classic UNK watching the nuclear arms race, her hair standing straight out. But there is a difference between the present volume and the early UNK There is fear in the UNK as his title suggests and as his competent drawings show. But there was terror in the thirties when the Nazis were on the loose and in those days Low struck like UNK #@# Anyone can draw his own conclusions from this difference. It might be argued that the Communists are less inhuman than the Nazis and furnish the artist with drama in a lower key. But this argument cannot be pushed very far because the Communist system makes up for any shortcomings of its leaders in respect to UNK The Communists UNK a power unknown to UNK And the leading issue, that of UNK UNK remains the same. This is drama enough. Do we ourselves offer Mr& Low less of a UNK In the thirties we would not face our UNK that was a UNK situation and Low was in his UNK Now we have stood up to the UNK we are stronger and more UNK and Low cannot so easily put us to rights. Or does the reason for less UNK drawings lie UNK It might be that Low has seen too many UNK and that they do not UNK him now. He writes, UNK held that in times of stress one should take short UNK only up to UNK Whatever the cause, his mood in the UNK rarely rises above the level of the UNK UNK UNK He does not seem to have caught the subtleties of the man. UNK The skies turn dark but the clouds do not loose their wrath. UNK Low seems to have supported Eden at first and then UNK because things worked out differently, so there is no fire in his eye. #@# Stalin's death, UNK farewell to public life, UNK and UNK on UNK UNK and UNK all subjects for a noble anger or an UNK Instead the cartoons seem to deal with UNK Their Eisenhower is UNK Did Low decide to let well enough alone when he made his UNK He often drew the bomb. He showed UNK men attacked by UNK UNK machines. And Khrushchev turned out to be prime copy for the most witty UNK of them all. But, but and UNK Look in this book for weak UNK and only on occasion for virtues and vices on the heroic scale. Read the moderately brief text, not for UNK sometimes for tart UNK once in a while for an explosion in the middle of your fixed ideas. A gray fox with a patch on one UNK confidence man, city UNK UNK UNK tries to take over UNK Bend in this third relaxed UNK from Mr& UNK refreshing Louisiana animal community. The fox is all UNK smiles when he arrives from New Orleans, accompanied by one UNK UNK But like all UNK as he builds his following from among the UNK he grows more threatening toward those who won't UNK such solid citizens as UNK UNK Judge Black, the UNK black UNK and the UNK who leads the bird community when he is not too busy in Washington posing for UNK pieces. As soon as the fox has taken hold on most of the UNK he imports more UNK UNK who, of course, say they are the UNK victims of an UNK campaign in the city. (The followers of UNK invariably are UNK about the very things they plan to do to UNK They train the mink and other animals to fight. And pretty soon gray fox is announcing that he won't have anyone around that's against him, and setting out to break his second territorial treaty with the birds. Robert UNK the poet, writes in his introduction to this brief animal UNK that Mr& UNK ought to win a Nobel Prize for the UNK Bend series. He may have a point in urging that UNK themes be given fewer UNK But it's hard to imagine Mr& UNK as a Nobel UNK on the basis of these charming but not really momentous UNK In substance they lie somewhere between the Southern dialect animal stories of Joel Chandler Harris UNK UNK and the UNK witty UNK of James UNK George Kennan's account of relations between Russia and the West from the fall of UNK to the end of World War /2, is the finest piece of diplomatic history that has appeared in many years. It combines qualities that are seldom found in one UNK UNK UNK a fund of personal experience, a sense of drama and characterization and a broad grasp of the UNK great historical issues. In short, the book, based largely on lectures delivered at Harvard University, is both reliable and UNK the author possesses an UNK fine English style, and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time. If Mr& Kennan is sometimes a little UNK in his UNK if his analysis of how Western diplomacy met the challenge of an era of great wars and social revolutions is often critical and UNK well, the record itself is not too UNK Mr& Kennan takes careful account of every UNK circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were UNK But he UNK perhaps a little too UNK the theory that UNK and pro-Communist influences may have contributed to the policy of UNK Stalin which persisted until after the end of the war and reached its high point at the Yalta Conference in February, 1945. After all, UNK UNK subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret State Department documents to Soviet agents, was at Yalta. And Harry UNK White, UNK in UNK reports in Communist associations, was one of the architects of the UNK UNK which had it ever been put into full operation, would have simply handed Germany to UNK One item in this unhappy scheme was to have Germany UNK exclusively by its UNK neighbors, among whom only the Soviet Union possessed real military strength. It is quite UNK however, that UNK UNK and childish adherence to slogans like UNK UNK had more to do with the unsatisfactory settlements at the end of the war than treason or sympathy with Communism. Mr& Kennan sums up his judgment of what went wrong this way: UNK UNK "You see, first of all and in a sense as the source of all other UNK the UNK American commitment to the principle of UNK UNK The tendency to view any war in which we might be involved not as a means of achieving limited objectives in the way of changes in a given status UNK but as a struggle to the death between total virtue and total evil, with the result that the war had absolutely to be fought to the complete destruction of the enemy's power, no matter what disadvantages or UNK this might involve for the more distant future". Recognizing that there could have been no effective negotiated peace with UNK he points out the shocking failure to give support to the UNK UNK which very nearly eliminated Hitler in 1944. A veteran diplomat with an extraordinary knowledge of Russian language, history and literature, Kennan recalls how, at the time of Hitler's attack on the Soviet Union in 1941, he penned a private note to a State Department official, expressing the hope that "never would we associate ourselves with Russian purposes in the areas of eastern Europe beyond her own UNK The hope was UNK With justified bitterness the author speaks of "what seems to me to have been an UNK body of ignorance about the nature of the Russian Communist movement, about the history of its diplomacy, about what had happened in the UNK and about what had been going on in Poland and the Baltic UNK He also speaks of Franklin D& Roosevelt's UNK assumption that "if only he UNK could be exposed to the persuasive charm of someone like UNK himself, ideological UNK would melt and Russia's co-operation with the West could be easily UNK No wonder Khrushchev's first message to President Kennedy was a UNK desire for the return of the "good old UNK of Roosevelt. This fascinating story begins with a UNK rich in personal detail, of the UNK mutual impact of World War /1, and the two UNK of the Russian UNK The first of these involved the replacement of the UNK by a liberal UNK Government in March, UNK the second, the seizure of power by the UNK (who later called themselves UNK in November of the same year. As Kennan shows, the judgment of the Allied governments about what was happening in Russia was UNK by the UNK of UNK Germany. They were blind to the evidence that nothing could keep the Russian people fighting. They attributed everything that went wrong in Russia to German influence and UNK This, more than any other factor, led to the UNK of Allied intervention. As the author very justly says: UNK a world war not been in progress, there would never, under any conceivable stretch of the imagination, have been an Allied intervention in North UNK The scope and significance of this intervention have been grossly exaggerated by Communist UNK here UNK operating with precise facts and figures, performs an excellent job of UNK UNK UNK Of many passages in the book that UNK the author's vivid style, the UNK of the two UNK UNK whose crimes make those of crowned UNK pale by comparison may be selected. On UNK "This was a man of incredible UNK of a criminality effectively without UNK a man apparently foreign to the very experience of love, without mercy or UNK a man in whose UNK none was ever UNK a man whose hand was set against all that could not be useful to him at the UNK a man who was most dangerous of all to those who were his closest collaborators in crime **h". And here is Kennan's image of UNK Stalin's temporary UNK in the UNK and oppression of weaker peoples, and his later UNK UNK that Charlie UNK UNK and that UNK lock of hair that always covered his forehead, behind the UNK and the sulky UNK the passionate UNK and the occasional dull UNK UNK behind the UNK the UNK the total UNK of behavior, behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes, there lay a statesman of no mean UNK UNK UNK in many ways realistic, UNK like UNK with considerable powers of UNK capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired, yet bold and resolute in his decisions, and possessing one gift Stalin did not UNK The ability to UNK men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken UNK Two criticisms of this generally admirable and fascinating book involve the treatment of wartime diplomacy which is jagged at the UNK there is no mention of the UNK Conference or the UNK UNK And in a concluding chapter about America's stance in the contemporary world, one senses certain UNK of emphasis and a failure to come to grips with the baffling UNK of our time: How to deal with a UNK and aggressive enemy without UNK and without war. But one should not ask for everything. Mr& UNK who has recently abandoned authorship for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed American ambassador to UNK is not the only man who finds it easier to portray the past than to prescribe for the future. The story of a quarter of a century of UNK relations is vitally important, and it is told with the fire of a first-rate historical UNK The Ireland we usually hear about in the theater is a place of bitter political or domestic UNK UNK occasionally with flashes of native wit and charm. In UNK there is quite a different UNK a rural land where singing, dancing, UNK and UNK are the thing. There is plenty of violence, to be sure, but it is a nice violence and no one gets killed. By and large, Robert UNK adaptation of Maurice UNK film, "The UNK UNK provides the entertainment it set out to, and we have a lively musical show if not a UNK one. _@_ This is the tale of one John UNK an American who has accidentally killed a man in the prize ring and is now trying to forget about it in a quiet place where he may become a quiet man. But UNK where Ellen UNK UNK and her UNK brother, UNK live, is no place for a man who will not use his fists. So UNK UNK of the UNK Ellen is impeded UNK thereby providing the tale which is told. You may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old UNK fight with the brother, and that there are plenty of minor UNK along the way to ensure that you understand what the word UNK means. Then there is a UNK one UNK UNK a role for which Eddie UNK was happily selected. Now there is no reason in the world why a UNK in Ireland should happen also to be a talented UNK dancer and gifted UNK of movements of the UNK torso and neck, except that these talents add immensely to the enjoyment of the play. Mr& UNK is a UNK having learned his dancing by practicing it until he is practically perfect. His UNK is, naturally, UNK and it only serves UNK right when a determined widow takes him by the ear and leads him off to UNK Art UNK a fine big actor with a great head of blond hair and a good voice, UNK UNK Although he is not UNK with the subtleties of romantic technique, that's not what an UNK fighter is supposed to have, anyway. Joan UNK a fiery UNK who can impress you that she has a temper whether she really has one or not, plays UNK and sings the role very well, too. If the UNK which Ellen exhibits has a bit of theatrical dross in it, never mind; she fits into the general scheme well enough. Susan Johnson, as the widow, spends the first half of the play running a bar and singing about the UNK death of her late husband and the second half trying to acquire a new one. She has a good, firm delivery of songs and adds to the solid virtues of the evening. Then there are a pair of old UNK played by Grace UNK and UNK UNK who may be right off the shelf of stock Irish characters, but they put such a combination of good will and UNK into their parts that they're quite UNK And in the role of Will UNK Philip UNK UNK and UNK sufficiently to UNK not only one American but the whole British army, if he UNK UNK is no UNK but it does have some very nice romantic background touches and some excellent dancing. The ballads are sweet and sad, and the music generally UNK It sometimes threatens to linger in the memory after the final UNK and some of it, such as the UNK UNK UNK does. "A UNK To The UNK sung by Clarence UNK playing a character called Old Man UNK is quite simple, direct and UNK The men of UNK are got up UNK in cloth caps and UNK and their dancing and singing is fine. So is that of the UNK company of UNK who UNK and UNK and UNK under Jack UNK expert choreographic direction. The male dancers sometimes wear UNK and their performance in them is spirited and UNK UNK UNK in his stage UNK often uses the UNK curtain behind which Mr& UNK has placed couples or groups who sing and set the mood for the scenes which are to follow. There is no reason why most UNK should not have a pretty good time at UNK unless they are permanently in the mood of UNK when he sings about how easily he could hate the UNK Irish. WE can all UNK more easily this UNK more easily and UNK too- because Joshua UNK has turned the stage show, UNK into a delightful and UNK film. The task of taking the raw material of UNK UNK original trio of French films about people of the waterfront in UNK and putting them again on the screen, after their passage through the Broadway musical UNK was a delicate and perilous one, indeed. More than the fans of UNK old films and of their heroic star, the great UNK were looking UNK at the project. The fans of the musical were, too. But now the task is completed and the uncertainty resolved with the opening of the UNK picture at the Music Hall yesterday. Whether fan of the UNK films or stage show, whether partial to music or no, you can't help but derive joy from this picture if you have a sense of humor and a heart. SOME of the New York Philharmonic musicians who live in the suburbs spent yesterday morning digging themselves free from snow. A tiny handful never did make the concert. But, after a UNK UNK the substantially complete Philharmonic assembled on stage for the UNK proceedings. They faced a rather small audience, as quite a few subscribers apparently had decided to UNK the pleasures of the afternoon. It was an excellent concert. Paul UNK rounding out his current stint with the orchestra, is a solid musician, and the Philharmonic plays for him. Their collaboration in the Beethoven Second Symphony was UNK intelligent and natural UNK It was not a heavy, UNK UNK The music sang UNK UNK evenly when necessary, was properly UNK and UNK #@# The UNK symphonic poem, UNK is a UNK UNK affair that was pleasant to encounter once again. UNK for the music itself, it is not too frequent a UNK if it were, its heavily chromatic harmonies would soon become UNK Mr& UNK UNK the temptation to UNK the melodic elements of the score. He did not let the UNK for instance, UNK UNK or get UNK His interpretation was a model of refinement and accuracy. And in the Prokofieff ~C major Piano UNK with UNK Skolovsky as soloist, he was an admirable partner. Mr& UNK approach to the concerto was bold, sweeping and UNK UNK He swept through the music with ease, in a UNK and UNK manner. #@# An impressive UNK Mr& Skolovsky has fine rhythm, to UNK His tone is the weakest part of his UNK it tends to be hard and UNK A school of thought has it that those attributes are exactly what this concerto needs. It is, after all, a UNK work (even with the big, juicy melody of the second UNK and the composer himself was called the UNK of steel UNK But granted all this, one still would have liked to have heard a little more tonal UNK than Mr& Skolovsky UNK UNK as a whole, though, it was a strong performance from both pianist and UNK Mr& Skolovsky fully deserved the warm reception he received. A new work on the program was UNK UNK UNK UNK receiving its first New York hearing. This was composed last year as a UNK to the automobile industry. It is not program music, though. It runs a little more than ten minutes, is UNK busy, methodical and UNK "La UNK like it or not, is a UNK opera. And so, of course, it is a UNK opera as well. Snow or no, the fans were present in force at the Metropolitan Opera last night for a performance of the UNK work. So the plot UNK the sets are UNK the costumes are UNK the orchestra was UNK and not very well connected with what the singers were doing. After all, the opera has juicy music to sing and the UNK are well distributed, with no less than six leading parts. One of those parts is that of evil, evil UNK the UNK His UNK deeds were carried on by UNK UNK who was taking the part for the first time with the company. He has the temperament and the stage presence for a rousing UNK and he sang with character and strong tone. What was lacking was a real sense of phrase, the kind of UNK singing that would have added a dimension of UNK to what is, after all, a very oily character. UNK UNK as Laura and UNK UNK as UNK also were new to the UNK but only with respect to this UNK they have both sung these parts here before. Laura is a good role for Miss UNK and she gave it force, dramatic color and passion. Mr& UNK was, as always, a consummate UNK with a few telling strokes he characterized UNK UNK Part of this characterization was, of course, accomplished with the vocal UNK His singing was strong and UNK unfortunately his voice was out of focus and often spread in quality. Eileen Farrell in the title role, UNK UNK as La UNK and Richard Tucker as UNK were UNK from earlier performances this season, and all contributed to a vigorous performance. If only they and UNK UNK in the pit had got together a bit more. @ UNK birds sing UNK saith the poet and no better description of the UNK of the UNK UNK could be imagined. Their UNK album UNK UNK UNK UNK stereo UNK UNK is a good sample of the UNK elegant art of English UNK singing. It also makes a fine introduction to the international art form with good examples of Italian and English UNK plus several French UNK The English have managed to hold onto their UNK tradition better than anyone else. The original impulses came to England late (in the sixteenth UNK and continue strong long after everyone else had gone on to the baroque UNK UNK sonatas, UNK and the like. Even after Elizabethan traditions were weakened by the UNK UNK the practice of singing UNK UNK UNK and UNK always UNK The English never again developed a strong native music that could UNK the traces of an earlier great age the way, say, the opera in Italy UNK out the Italian UNK UNK UNK UNK interest in Elizabethan singing dates well back into the nineteenth century in England, much ahead of similar revivals in other countries. As a result no comparable literature of the period is better known and better studied nor more often performed than the English UNK Naturally, Mr& UNK and the other singers in his UNK are most charming and elegant when they are squarely in their tradition and singing music by their UNK William Byrd, Thomas UNK and Thomas UNK There is an almost instrumental quality to their singing, with a tendency to lift out important lines and make them lead the musical UNK Both techniques give the music purity and clarity. Claude UNK vocal description of a battle (the French equivalents of UNK UNK and UNK are very UNK is lots of fun, and the singers get a sense of grace and shape into other UNK by UNK and UNK Only with the more UNK intense and baroque expressions of UNK UNK and UNK does the singing seem a little superficial. Nevertheless, the UNK accuracy and infectious charm of these performances, excellently UNK make it an attractive UNK at the period. The works are presented UNK UNK and UNK are provided. UNK AND UNK The elements of elegance and color in UNK are strong French characteristics. UNK instrumental music in Italy and Germany tends to be strong, lively, intense, controlled and quite UNK In France, it remained always more UNK more UNK more full of flavor. Couperin and UNK gave titles to nearly everything they wrote, not in the later sense of UNK UNK but as a kind of UNK reference for the close, clear musical forms filled with keen wit and precise UNK Both composers turn up on new imports from France. UNK is the unlikely name of a French recording company whose full label is UNK de la UNK a UNK They specialize in UNK items and old French music naturally occupies a good deal of their attention. UNK et Concerts UNK of Couperin UNK grand occupy two disks UNK and UNK and reveal the UNK taste and workmanship of this UNK UNK flexible and UNK The UNK UNK 2, 6, 9, 10 and 14 are UNK are really closer to chamber UNK than to concertos in the Italian sense. The sonatas, "La UNK "La UNK UNK and UNK are often more elaborately worked out and, in fact, show a strong Italian influence. Couperin also turns up along with some UNK UNK on a disk called UNK UNK du UNK UNK (~BAM ~LD UNK UNK UNK still is remembered a bit, but UNK de UNK UNK and UNK are hardly household words. What is interesting about these chamber works here is how they all reveal the aspect of French music that was moving toward the UNK The Couperin "La UNK with its battle music, UNK wit and refined UNK already shakes off UNK and points towards the UNK UNK that ended the baroque era. If Couperin shows the fashionable UNK the others do so all the more. All these records have close, attractive sound and the performances by a variety of UNK is characteristic. Rameau's UNK Concerts en UNK recorded by UNK de UNK Pierre UNK (~BAM ~LD UNK turn out to be UNK pieces arranged for strings apparently by the composer himself. The UNK delightful little character pieces with their odd and sometimes UNK titles are still UNK and UNK UNK UNK des UNK et UNK UNK contains music by UNK UNK UNK and UNK well performed by the UNK UNK UNK UNK (~BAM ~LD UNK UNK music- a lot of it- was played in Carnegie UNK Hall on Saturday night in the first of four concerts being sponsored this season by a new organization known as UNK Concert UNK Works by J& C& UNK UNK UNK Joseph UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and J& G& UNK were performed by seven UNK including UNK UNK UNK UNK Marx, UNK and Robert UNK pianist and UNK Since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all, it can seem rather UNK to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and UNK of composers from Beethoven to UNK Thus there was really an excess of eighteenth-century charm as one of these UNK pieces followed another on Saturday night. Each might find a useful place in a varied musical program, but taken together they grew quite UNK The performances were variable, those of the full ensemble being generally UNK some by UNK proving rather UNK @ UNK UNK UNK and Frederick UNK UNK presented a program of UNK entitled UNK UNK UNK in Carnegie UNK Hall last night. They were accompanied by Anna UNK Lee, pianist. UNK from fifteen countries were sung as UNK and UNK in a broad range of languages. UNK from China and Japan were reserved exclusively for Miss UNK who is a native of China, and those of the British UNK were sung by Mr& UNK who is English by birth. This was not a program intended to illustrate authentic folk styles. On the contrary, Miss Mao and Mr& UNK chose many of their arrangements from the works of composers such as UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK was, therefore, more musical substance in the concert than might have been the case otherwise. The performances were assured, communicative and UNK UNK @ WHAT was omitted from "A UNK UNK were those UNK known as "the facts of life". UNK little UNK UNK presented yesterday afternoon at Town Hall, is a UNK precious little piece, very French, not without wit and charm. The poor UNK UNK a certain UNK de UNK has his problems in getting the necessary information. The humor of the situation can be imagined. It all takes place in the eighteenth century. What a UNK artificial way of life, UNK and his UNK UNK But they wish they could bring it back. #@# UNK delightful music stands just at the point where the UNK UNK tradition, UNK down to UNK largely in the form of UNK and UNK UNK becomes virtually UNK The musical UNK and spirit plus a strong sense of taste and measure save a wry little joke from becoming either bawdy or UNK The simple, clever production was also able to UNK the thin line between those UNK UNK UNK was charming as poor UNK Yes, UNK is her UNK the work uses the old eighteenth-century tradition of giving the part of a young inexperienced youth to a UNK UNK UNK was delightful as the young wife and John UNK was amusing as the tutor who failed to do all his UNK The work was presented as the final event in the Town Hall Festival of UNK It was paired with a UNK UNK opera, "The Poor UNK set to a UNK by Jean UNK a kind of Grand UNK by the sea, a UNK UNK UNK and gets done in by his wife. With the exception of a few spots, UNK music mostly UNK away with his usual collection of UNK odd UNK and UNK UNK UNK Had a funny experience at Newport yesterday afternoon. UNK there and as a woman sang, she kept getting UNK and UNK right before my eyes, and the eyes of some UNK other people. I make this observation about the lady, Miss Judy Garland, because she brought up the subject herself in telling a story about a British female reporter who flattered her terribly in London recently and then wrote in the paper the next UNK UNK Garland has arrived in London. She's not UNK She's not UNK She's UNK But who UNK when the lady UNK Certainly not the largest afternoon audience Newport has ever had at a jazz concert and the most UNK and quiet. They UNK every number, not only at its conclusion but also at the first statement of the theme- sometimes at the first UNK And Judy sang the lovely old familiar things which seemed, at times, a blessed relief from the UNK compositions of the progressive UNK who have dominated these proceedings. Things like "When UNK UNK UNK Like Being In UNK "Do It UNK UNK to UNK UNK UNK "Who UNK UNK on the UNK "How Long Has This UNK Going UNK and her own personal songs like "The Man That Got UNK and the inevitable UNK the UNK Miss Garland is not only one of the great singers of our time but she is one of the superb UNK At the start of her program there were evidences of UNK She had held to the letter of her contract and didn't come onto the stage until well after 4 p&m&, the appointed hour, although the Music at Newport people had tried to get the program UNK at 3. Then there was a bad delay in getting UNK UNK UNK orchestra UNK into its UNK Along about UNK just when it was getting to be about time to turn the audience over and toast them on the other side, Judy came on singing, in a UNK blue dress with a blue and white jacket that UNK in the wind. Her UNK UNK was fortunately UNK on the left which happened to be the direction from which a brisk breeze was UNK In her first song she waved away one UNK UNK who dared approach the UNK UNK and thereafter the boys with the cameras had to UNK their 300 mm& lenses and shoot at extreme range. There also came a brief UNK with the sound UNK who made the mistake of being overheard during a quiet moment near the conclusion of "Do It UNK and she made the tart observation that "I never saw so much moving about in an UNK But it didn't take Judy Garland, UNK long to realize that this sort of thing was par for the course at Newport and that you have to learn to live with it. Before her chore was finished she was UNK UNK sheets of music, UNK UNK about the stage, helping to move the piano and otherwise joining in the informal atmosphere. And time after time she really UNK out her songs. Sometimes they struck me as UNK UNK which was the way I felt about her "Come Rain or Come UNK and sometimes they were just plain UNK like her UNK beautiful UNK UNK To her partisan audience, such UNK haggling would have seemed nothing more than a critic striving to hold his UNK they just sat back on their haunches and cried for more, as though they could never get enough. They were rewarded with UNK UNK singing. Her UNK Your UNK was as good as it can be done, and her really personal songs, like "The Man That Got UNK were deeply moving. The audience wouldn't let her leave until it had heard UNK The UNK although the fellow that kept crying for "Get UNK had to go home UNK about that item anyway. She was generous with her UNK and the audience was equally so with its UNK and applause and flowers. All went home happy except the Newport police, who feared that the UNK departing at UNK might meet UNK the night crowd drawing UNK and those deprived of their happy hour at the cocktail bar. In Newport last night there were flashes of distant lightning in the northern UNK This was perhaps symbolic of the jazz of the UNK flashes in the distance, but no storm. Several times it came near UNK and there were in fact some lovely UNK of thunder from Jerry Mulligan's big band, which is about as fine an UNK as has come along in the jazz business since John UNK found Count UNK working in a Kansas City trap. Mulligan's band has been infected with his solid sense of swing, and what it does seems far more meaningful than most of the noise generated by the big concert UNK But what is equally impressive is the UNK and wonderful lyric quality of both the band and Mulligan's UNK sax in a fragile ballad like Bob UNK arrangement of UNK UNK For subtle swinging rhythms, I could admire intensely Mulligan's version of UNK and the fireworks went on display in UNK UNK for UNK a sax tribute to Johnny Hodges. There was considerable contrast between this UNK performance and that of Art UNK and The Jazz UNK who are able to generate a tremendous sound for such a small group. Unfortunately, UNK doesn't choose to work much of the time in this UNK He prefers to have his soloist performing and thus we get only brief glimpses of what his ensemble work is like. What we did UNK however, was impressive. A few drops of rain just before UNK when Sarah UNK was in the midst of her first number, scattered the more UNK members of the audience briefly, but at this hour and with Sarah on the stand, most of the listeners didn't care whether they got wet. Miss UNK was back in top form, somehow UNK and improved with the passage of time- like a fine wine. After the UNK of female UNK we have been UNK all of whom took Sarah as a point of departure and then tried to see what they could do that might make her seem old UNK it seemed that all that has happened is to make the real thing seem better than ever. UNK THREE OPEN UNK The evening program was opened by the Jazz UNK a Newport group consisting of Steve UNK on bass, Jack UNK drums, and Don UNK UNK This was a continuation of a good idea which was first tried out Saturday night when the Eddie UNK group, also local talent, went on first. UNK on local musicians at this place in the program serves a triple purpose: it saves the top flight jazz men from being wasted in this UNK spot, when the audience is cold, UNK and in UNK it prevents UNK from missing some of the people they have come a long way to UNK and it gives the resident musicians a chance to perform before the famous Newport audience. The Jazz Three displayed their sound UNK not only in their own chosen set, but as the emergency UNK for Al UNK + Leon James, the superb jazz dancers who have now been Newport performers for three successive years, gradually moving up from a morning seminar on the evolution of the blues to a spot on the evening program. UNK UNK UNK UNK Wilson, a vigorous UNK without many wild UNK sang a set, a large part of which consisted of such seldom heard old UNK as UNK UNK the UNK of UNK and the delightful UNK She UNK the cake with the always reliable "Bill UNK From this taste of the UNK we leaped way out to Stan UNK private brand of progressive jazz, which did UNK subtle things for UNK UNK and UNK and a couple of UNK UNK is a difficult musician to UNK He plays his sax principally for beauty of tone, rather than for UNK flights of meaningless UNK and he has a quiet way of getting back and UNK the melody after the UNK is over. In this he is sticking with tradition, however far removed from it he may seem to be. UNK UNK UNK George UNK took over with his well disciplined group, a UNK consisting of UNK UNK bass, drums, UNK piano and a UNK UNK He met with enthusiastic audience approval, especially when he swung from jazz to Latin American things like the UNK UNK himself, seemed to me to be playing better piano than in his recent Newport appearances. A very UNK pleasant program- one of those UNK things that make UNK afternoon programs such a relaxing UNK was held again under sunny UNK hot sun, and a fresh breeze for an audience of at least a couple of thousands who came to Newport to hear music rather than go to the beach. UNK almost equally into two parts, it consisted of "The UNK of the Blues", UNK by UNK UNK who had presented it last year at the UNK Calif&, Jazz Festival, and an UNK session of UNK UNK and his orchestra, a UNK big UNK UNK story was designed for children and he had a small audience of small children right on stage with him. UNK the blues from its African roots among the slaves who were brought to this country and the West Indies, he stressed the close relationship between the early jazz forms and the music of the Negro churches. UNK UNK To help him on this religious aspect of primitive jazz he had UNK Miller, as a UNK and UNK UNK UNK while Oscar Brown Jr&, an extremely talented young man, did a slave UNK call, a UNK work song, and a beautifully sung Negro UNK UNK UNK which was one of the truly moving moments of the UNK One of those delightful surprise UNK which so frequently occur in jazz programs, was an excellent stint at the drums by the great Joe Jones, UNK to "Old Man UNK which seems to have been elected the favorite solo for the boys on the UNK at this year's UNK UNK the primitive African rhythmic backgrounds of the UNK was Michael UNK UNK who plays such native drums as the UNK and even does a UNK job slapping his own chest. He has been on previous Newport programs and was one of the sensations of last year's afternoon UNK UNK had Billy Mitchell, tenor UNK Pony UNK UNK UNK Jimmy UNK blues singer (and a good UNK and the Ike UNK UNK which has done such wonderful work for two afternoons now, helping him with the musical examples. It all went very well. UNK who are serious about their work are likely to know the interesting material contained in Schubert's UNK Music lovers who are not familiar with this literature may hear an excellent example, played for ~RCA by UNK UNK He has chosen Sonata Op& 53 in ~D. The playing takes both sides of the UNK Perhaps one of the reasons these UNK are not UNK more often is their great length. UNK interest, melodic beauty and the UNK of the writing are all qualities which hold one's attention with the UNK playing. His technique is ample and his musical ideas are projected UNK The male chorus of the Robert Shaw UNK sings Sea UNK in fine style. The group is superbly trained. What a discussion can UNK when the title of this type of song is in question. Do you say UNK as if the word were derived from the French word UNK to UNK or do you say UNK and think of a roughly built UNK which derives its name from the UNK use of the word UNK with one of its meanings given as a UNK I say UNK Either way, the Robert Shaw chorus sings them in fine style with every colorful word and its musical frame spelled out in terms of agreeable UNK If your favorite song is not here it must be an unfamiliar one. The London label offers an operatic recital by UNK UNK a UNK whose fame is UNK UNK UNK and his dance company appeared at the Henry Street UNK on Friday and Saturday evenings and Sunday afternoons in the premiere of his latest work, UNK and the repetition of an earlier one, UNK UNK is choreographed for three male dancers to an electronic score by UNK UNK Its abstract UNK is by John UNK Program note reads as follows: "Take hands **h this urgent UNK UNK us". Here, as in UNK Mr& Louis has given himself the UNK share of the dancing, and there is no doubt that he is capable of UNK and UNK a wide variety of difficult and arresting physical movements. Indeed, both UNK and UNK qualify as UNK UNK of UNK UNK But chains of movements are not necessarily UNK and it is in the realm of communication that the works prove disappointing. One frequently has the feeling that the order of their movement combinations could be transposed without notable loss of effect, there is too little suggestion of organic relationship and development. It may be, of course, that Mr& Louis is consciously trying to create works that anticipate an age of total UNK But it may be, also, that he is merely more mindful of athletics than of UNK at the present time. One thing is certain, however, and that is that he is far more UNK to the detailed UNK UNK and contours of the music he deals with than a confident dance creator need be. @ UNK AMERICAN UNK A UNK satirical UNK of contemporary American mores entitled "An American UNK was given its first New York performance at Hunter College UNK last night by the Helen UNK Nagrin Dance Company. UNK by Mr& UNK the work filled the second half of a program that also offered the first New York showing of Miss UNK "Once Upon a Time **h" as well as her UNK UNK and Mr& UNK UNK UNK Eugene Lester assembled a witty and explicit score for "An American UNK and Malcolm McCormick gave it UNK imaginative UNK Mr& Nagrin has described four UNK each with its scenery and people, added two UNK and concluded with "A UNK for the UNK a UNK UNK interpretation of UNK dancing. The UNK could be anywhere, the UNK and UNK observed there could be UNK and the laugh is on us all. But we need not mind too much, because Mr& Nagrin has expressed it through movement that is UNK and clever almost all the way. Miss UNK "Once Upon a Time **h" is a problem piece about a man and a woman and the three UNK that bother them UNK Unfortunately, the man and woman were not made to appear very interesting at the outset and the UNK figures failed to make them any more so. Nor did the dancing involved really seize the attention at any time. The music here, Russell Smith's UNK sounded good. All the performances of the evening were smooth and assured, and the sizable company, with Mr& Nagrin and UNK Scott as its leading dancers, seemed to be fine shape. THE Symphony of the UNK greatly assisted by Van UNK last night got its UNK Beethoven cycle at Carnegie Hall off to a good start. At the same time the orchestra announced that next season it would be giving twenty-five programs at UNK and that it would be taking these concerts to the UNK repeating each of them in five different communities. This news, announced by Jerome UNK the UNK administrative director, brought applause from the UNK persons who filled the hall. They showed they were glad that Carnegie would have a major orchestra playing there so often next season to take up the slack with the departure to Lincoln Center of the New York UNK the Philadelphia Orchestra and the Boston Symphony. This season the orchestra has already taken a step toward the suburbs in that it is giving six subscription concerts for the UNK Society of Westchester in the County Center in White UNK The details of the suburban concerts next season, and the centers in which they will be given, will be announced later, Mr& UNK said. #@# The concertos that Van UNK has been associated with in New York since his UNK return from Russia in 1958 have been the UNK the UNK Third, and the Prokofieff UNK It was pleasant last night, therefore, to hear him do something UNK a concerto he has recently UNK "The UNK The young Texas pianist can make great chords ring out as well as anyone, so last night the massive UNK of this challenging concerto were no hazard to him. But they were not what distinguished his performance. The elements that did were the UNK slow movement, the beautiful transition to the third movement, and the passages of UNK that UNK through the bigger moments of the opening movement and the final UNK Mr& UNK gave the slow movement some of the quality of a UNK UNK Alfred UNK the conductor, sensitive UNK that he is, picked up the idea and led the orchestra here with a sense of UNK poetic UNK The collaboration was UNK as it was in both the other movements, too. #@# Mr& UNK who will lead all of the concerts in the cycle, also conducted the UNK UNK No& 3 and the Fourth Symphony. The orchestra was obviously on its UNK and it played most UNK And although there was plenty of vigor in the performance, the ensemble was at its best when the playing was soft and lyrical, yet full of the UNK tension that is one of the UNK of UNK Igor UNK will be the next soloist on Feb& 4. THERE are times when one suspects that the songs that are dropped from musical shows before they reach Broadway may really be better than many of those that are left in. Today, in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show, it is understandable that a song, no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms, is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it. In the more casually constructed UNK of the Nineteen UNK and Nineteen Thirties there would seem to have been less reason for eliminating a song of merit. Yet there is the classic case of the UNK "The Man I UNK UNK too static when it was first heard in "Lady Be UNK in Philadelphia in 1924, it was dropped from the score. It was heard again in Philadelphia in 1927 in the first version of "Strike Up the UNK and again abandoned shortly before the entire show was given up. It finally reached Broadway in the second and successful version of "Strike Up the UNK in UNK UNK another song in "Strike Up the UNK "I've Got a UNK on UNK was retrieved from a UNK failure, UNK UNK UNK UNK Like the UNK Richard Rodgers and UNK Hart were loath to let a good song get away from them. If one of Mr& UNK melodies seemed to deserve a better fate than UNK in Boston or the UNK of a Broadway failure, Mr& Hart was likely to deck it out with new lyrics to give it a second chance in another show. Several of these double entries have been collected by Ben UNK and Michael UNK along with Rodgers and Hart songs that disappeared permanently en route to New York and others that reached Broadway but have not become part of the constantly heard Rodgers and Hart UNK in a delightfully refreshing UNK UNK and Hart UNK UNK UNK UNK Fifth Avenue, New UNK Among the particular UNK in this collection is the UNK opening song of "The UNK UNK an impressive forecast of the wit and melody that were to come from Rodgers and Hart in the years that UNK UNK UNK raucous listing of the attractions "At the UNK Music UNK from "I UNK an UNK and the incisive style with which UNK UNK delivers the UNK Hart lyrics of "I UNK a song that was cut from "A Connecticut UNK Altogether fifteen virtually unknown Rodgers and Hart songs are sung by a UNK of able UNK Norman Paris has provided them with extremely effective orchestral UNK Turning to the current musical season on Broadway, the most widely acclaimed of the new UNK UNK to UNK in Business Without UNK UNK has been transferred to an original cast album (R& C& A& Victor UNK UNK stereo UNK UNK that has some entertaining moments, although it is scarcely as UNK as the praise elicited by the show might lead one to expect. Robert Morse, singing with UNK UNK UNK carries most of the burden and is responsible for the high spots in Frank UNK score. Rudy UNK who shares star billing with Mr& Morse, makes only two appearances. He shares with Mr& Morse a UNK of the college UNK he once sang while his second song is UNK away from him by Virginia Martin, a girl with a remarkably expressive UNK in her voice. In general, Mr& UNK has done a more consistent job as UNK than he has as composer. Like Mr& UNK Jerry Herman is both composer and UNK for UNK and UNK (R& C& A& Victor UNK UNK stereo UNK UNK but in this case it is the music that stands above the UNK For this story of an American couple who meet and fall in love in UNK Mr& Herman has written songs that are warmly melodious and dance music that UNK UNK UNK There are the UNK UNK voices of Robert UNK UNK UNK and Tommy UNK to make the most of Mr& UNK UNK melodies and, for an occasional change of pace, the bright humor of Molly UNK Mr& Herman has managed to mix musical ideas drawn from Israel and the standard American ballad style in a manner that stresses the basic UNK of both UNK Not content to create only the music and UNK UNK UNK also wrote the book and directed UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK stereo UNK UNK a saga of life on a UNK ship that is not apt to be included among Mr& Coward's more memorable works. The melodies flow along UNK as Mr& Coward's songs usually do, but his lyrics have a tired, UNK quality. Elaine UNK who sings with a UNK warm UNK belts some life into most of her songs, but the other members of the cast sound as UNK as Mr& Coward's songs. WITH three fine Russian films in recent months on World War /2,- "The House I UNK UNK "The UNK Are UNK and UNK of a UNK we had every right to expect a real Soviet UNK in "The Day the War UNK It simply UNK not by a long shot. The UNK presentation, with English UNK opened on Saturday at the UNK UNK #@# Make no mistake, this UNK UNK drama is a respectable UNK aptly grave, carefully written, performed and directed. In describing the initial Allied occupation of a UNK German city, the picture has color, pictorial pull and genuinely moving moments. UNK strictly from the viewpoint of the Russian UNK the film UNK UNK over the shoulders of a UNK Soviet couple, at both sides of the UNK UNK Unfortunately, the whole picture UNK on this romance, at the expense of everything else. UNK and rather UNK the camera UNK on the UNK deep love of a pretty nurse and a uniformed teacher, complicated by nothing more than a friend they don't want to UNK It's the old story, war or no war, and more than one viewer may recall Hollywood's UNK several seasons back, when the paramount concern was for the marital UNK of a society UNK Not that the picture is superficial. Under UNK UNK direction, it begins UNK as UNK Soviet and Nazi troops silently scan each other, waiting for the first surrender gesture. One UNK camera shot is UNK as the Germans UNK from a UNK UNK a huge, UNK square, and drop their weapons. UNK OF UNK UNK BY UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Only once in a very long while comes a book that gives the reader a magic sense of sharing a rare experience. UNK of Bright UNK by UNK Maxwell is just that- a UNK warmly personal chronicle of a man, an UNK and a remote cottage in the Scottish West UNK "He has married me with **h a ring of bright UNK begins the UNK UNK poem from which Maxwell takes his title, and it is this mystic bond between the human and natural world that the author UNK The place is Camusfearna, the site of a UNK UNK opposite the isle of UNK It is a land of long UNK few people, a UNK road miles away- and of wild UNK UNK UNK wild UNK UNK and UNK playing in the waters. How Maxwell recounts his first coming to Camusfearna, his furnishing the empty house with UNK the subtle changes in season over ten years, is a moving experience. Just the UNK of time and place, of passionate encounter between man and a natural world which today seems almost lost, would be enough. But it UNK There is Mijbil, an otter who UNK with UNK and gave UNK name to a new UNK from the UNK marshes to his London UNK It may sound extravagant to say that there has never been a more engaging animal in all literature. This is not only a UNK to Mijbil, of whom there are a fine series of photographs and drawings in the book, but to the author who has UNK the saga of a frightened otter UNK journey by plane from UNK to London, then by train (where he lay UNK in the wash basin playing with the water UNK to Camusfearna, with UNK detail. UNK as his owner was soon to UNK had UNK UNK habits. He liked to UNK ear lobes of UNK visitors with his UNK teeth. He preferred sleeping in bed with his head on a UNK UNK he would open and UNK UNK Given a small ball or UNK he would invent games and play by himself for hours. With curiosity and UNK he explored every inch of UNK beach and UNK once UNK himself for hours on a UNK high up a sheer UNK UNK and waiting with calm faith to be rescued by UNK who nearly lost his life in doing so. A year and a day of this UNK is described for the reader, one in which not only discovery of a new world of personality is UNK but UNK as well. In the UNK of UNK there had been no UNK "To be quite alone where there are no other human beings is sharply UNK it is as though some pressure had suddenly been UNK allowing an intense awareness **h a UNK of the UNK Now, with the increasing interdependence between himself and UNK came a knowledge of an obscure need, that of being trusted implicitly by some creature. Two other people in time shared UNK UNK "**h it remained around us three that his UNK UNK when he was not away in his own UNK world of wave and water UNK we were his UNK and he behaved towards us **h with a mixture of trust and UNK passion and UNK In turn each of us in our own way UNK as gods do, upon his UNK Yet the UNK ended. The brief details of UNK death lend depth to the story, give it an edge of ironic tragedy. Man, to whom UNK gave endless affection and UNK was responsible in the form of a road worker with a UNK who somehow becomes an abstract symbol of the savage in man. But then, through a strange coincidence, Maxwell manages to acquire UNK a female UNK and the fascinating story starts once more. One is not sure who emerges as the main personality of this UNK Mijbil, with his UNK ways, or Maxwell himself, poet, portrait painter, writer, journalist, traveller and UNK sensitive but never sentimental recorder of an unusual way of life, in a language at once lyrical and UNK vivid and UNK This UNK read the book when it was first brought out in England with a sense of discovery and UNK Now UNK UNK ring of bright water has UNK to UNK the world. _NEW UNK The performances of the Comedie UNK are the most important recent events in the New York theater. They serve to contradict a popular notion that the Comedie merely UNK as accurately as possible, the techniques of acting the classics that prevailed in the 17th century. On the contrary, the old plays are continually being UNK and each new production of a classic has only a brief history at the UNK Of course, the UNK revivals last longer than the others, and that further reminds us that the Comedie is not insensitive to criticism. The directors of the Comedie do not respond to adverse notices in as docile and subservient a manner as the Broadway producers who, in two instances this season, closed their plays after one performance. But they are aware of the world outside, they court public approval, they delight in full houses, and they occasionally dare to experiment in UNK a dramatic UNK In France, novel approaches to the classic French plays are frequently UNK The government pays a UNK for revival of the UNK and this policy UNK experimenters who sometimes put Moliere's characters in modern dress and often achieve interesting results. So far as I know, the Comedie has never put Moliere's people in the costumes of the 20th century, but they do UNK plays and characters. Last season, the UNK two principal experiments came to UNK and, in consequence, we can expect fairly soon to see still newer productions of UNK UNK and Moliere's UNK for UNK The new UNK was done in 17th century setting, instead of ancient UNK perhaps that is the UNK equivalent for thrusting this play's characters into our own time. The speaking of the lines seemed UNK slow and UNK possibly in an effort to capture the spirit of 17th century UNK A few literary men defended what they took to be an emphasis on the poetry at the expense of the drama, but the response was mainly hostile and quite violent. The new UNK for UNK was interpreted according to a principle that is becoming increasingly common in the playing of classic UNK the idea of turning some obviously UNK figure into a tragic character. Among the Moliere specialists of some years ago, Louis Jouvet tried to UNK some of the UNK while UNK Ledoux, often performing at the UNK made them more gross than Moliere may have UNK Apparently, Jouvet and UNK attempted just these UNK approaches in the role of Arnolphe in "The School for UNK I say UNK although I saw Jouvet as Arnolphe when he visited this country shortly before his death; by that time, he seemed to have dropped the tragic playing of the last moments of the comedy. UNK it will be UNK is a man of mature years who tries to preserve the innocence of his youthful UNK The part can lend itself to serious UNK one influential French critic remarked: UNK for Arnolphe comes with age". Accordingly, at the Comedie last year, Jean Meyer played a sympathetic Arnolphe and drew criticism for turning the comedy into a tragedy. But the stuff of tragedy was not truly present and the play became only comedy acted rather slowly. UNK the Comedie has brought Moliere's UNK on its tour and has left "The School for UNK at home. Tartuffe is the religious UNK who courts his UNK wife. Jouvet played him as a sincere UNK and Ledoux, at the UNK made him a gross UNK or so the historians tell us. Louis UNK who formerly played the deluded UNK opposite Ledoux, is the Tartuffe of the present production, which he himself directed. His Tartuffe observes the golden mean. His red face, his coarse UNK and his UNK UNK UNK his UNK But his UNK UNK and his pious speeches are not merely UNK of course, they do not reflect sincerity, but they exhibit a concern to make a good job out of his pious UNK Occasionally, Seigner draws some justly deserved laughs by his quick shifts from one personality to another. The whole role, by the way, is a considerable transformation for anyone who has seen Seigner in his other parts. His normal UNK is playing the UNK old man, frequently stupid or deluded but never mean or UNK Here, he is, quite UNK the very embodiment of UNK and UNK Seigner is the dean of the company, the oldest actor in point of continuous service. In that function, he helps to rebut another legend about the UNK We are often told that the Comedie has, unfortunately, UNK with old actors who are both mediocre and lazy, drawing their pay without much acting but probably doing real service to the Comedie by staying off the stage. UNK however, is a fine actor and probably the UNK man in the UNK among his other parts are the leads in "The UNK UNK and "The UNK UNK In Moliere's UNK "The UNK of UNK Robert UNK undertakes another of the great roles. Here some innovation is UNK To begin with, Scapin is a UNK in the old tradition of the clever servant who plots the strategy of UNK for his master. UNK Scapin is healthy, UNK energetic, UNK in his physical agility and his obvious superiority to the young gentlemen whom he UNK UNK says that he has given the role certain qualities he has observed in the city toughs of the real world. And surely his Scapin has a fresh UNK a UNK quality that seems to make him his own master and UNK UNK UNK UNK the UNK UNK was a true artist, one who demonstrated conclusively the power of art to renew itself and flow into many channels. There is hardly a jazz UNK in the business today who doesn't owe something to UNK And UNK owed much to Louis UNK He told once of how he switched his style of playing to jazz after listening to two old Armstrong records he bought in the UNK Market in Paris. It was the first jazz he had heard. UNK who was born Jean UNK UNK in UNK and who died in 1953 in France, was an extraordinary man. Most of the fingers on his left hand were burned off when he fell asleep with a UNK And this was before he began to play his startlingly beautiful jazz. You can catch up with him- if you haven't UNK on UNK UNK UNK made up of tracks he recorded with UNK UNK and the UNK of the Hot Club of France. This is a choice item and UNK deserves mention too, of course. He is one of the few men in history who plays jazz on a UNK They UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK the UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK "After You've UNK "Where Are UNK My UNK "I UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK All this is great UNK get the minutes. UNK UNK the UNK chicken UNK is also one of the solid anchor points of jazz. He dates back to the days before the first sailing ship pulled into New Orleans. His horn has blown loud and clear across the land for more years than he cares to UNK Good Time Jazz has released a nice UNK album which he made. He is UNK against Alvin UNK UNK Phil UNK UNK UNK UNK piano; Julian UNK UNK UNK UNK bass, and Minor Hall, UNK The set contains UNK UNK "Do What UNK UNK UNK Home UNK UNK UNK Jazz Me Blues", UNK Blues", UNK UNK UNK UNK Street UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK "Oh UNK He UNK UNK Street Blues", UNK My UNK UNK UNK UNK La UNK UNK UNK and UNK Call UNK All this will serve to show off the UNK style in fine fashion and is a must for those who want to collect elements of the old-time jazz before it is too late to lay hands on the UNK UNK UNK shared last night's Lewisohn Stadium concert with three American UNK His portion of the program- and a big portion it was- consisted of half the major nineteenth-century concertos for the UNK to wit, the UNK and the UNK That is an evening of UNK that would UNK many a younger man; Mr& UNK is 70 years old. There were 8,000 persons at the Stadium who can tell their UNK that they heard UNK But, with all due respects and allowances, it must truthfully be said that what they heard was more UNK than sweet, more UNK than UNK The occasion was UNK so was the playing. #@# The American part of the evening consisted of Paul UNK Dance UNK William UNK UNK from "New England UNK and two works of UNK UNK Dance UNK Op& UNK and a UNK for UNK Op& UNK The UNK is purely a UNK with Spanish, English, French and American dances mixed into the UNK The UNK with its Latin UNK UNK is just this side of the UNK like his sweet, attractive UNK it belongs to what the composer called his UNK UNK category of works. The UNK UNK takes off from an old William UNK tune with rousing UNK and brass effect. #@# All UNK UNK or UNK provided a welcome breath of fresh air in the form of lively, colorful, UNK works well suited for the great UNK It was nice to have something a little up-to-date for a change. We have UNK UNK to thank for this healthy change of diet as well as the lively performances of the Stadium Symphony. A UNK who UNK artificial UNK against the wishes of her husband is the unlikely heroine of "A Question of UNK yesterday's new British import at the UNK Since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise, the UNK extensive discussion of the problem seems, at best, UNK In its present UNK UNK form, the subject matter seems designed to invite UNK wrath. With UNK London enacting the central role with UNK sincerity, the UNK heroine is at least UNK The explanation offered for her conduct is a UNK attempt to save her marriage to a neurotic husband left sterile as a result of an automobile UNK Anthony UNK as the husband, is a UNK type who argues against her course and UNK for UNK labeling her action UNK The actor plays his role UNK under the UNK direction of Don UNK as do UNK Sydney as his unsympathetic father and UNK UNK as an innocent UNK After a UNK hysterical trial scene more notable for the frankness of its language than for dramatic UNK the jury, to no one's surprise, leaves the legal question UNK When the husband drops the case and returns to his wife, both seem sorry they brought the matter up in the first place. So was the audience. UNK UNK 4_- For its final change of bill in its London season, the UNK State Kirov Ballet chose tonight to give one of those choreographic UNK known as a UNK UNK at the Royal Opera House, UNK UNK No doubt the underlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and UNK that have distinguished its presentations thus far, it too could give a circus if it pleased. And please it did, in every sense of the word, for it had the audience shouting much of the time in a manner far from typical of London audiences. At the end of the program, indeed, there was a demonstration that lasted for forty-five minutes, and nothing could stop it. UNK UNK repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number, UNK UNK but even then there was a substantial number of UNK who seemed determined not to go home at all. Only a plea from the house manager, John Collins, finally broke up the party. #@# But for all the manifest intention to UNK UNK this was a circus with a UNK for instead of descending in quality to what is known as a popular level, it added further to the evidence that this is a very great dancing company. The UNK UNK excerpt is a rousing version of UNK Ukrainian UNK choreographed by UNK UNK to music of UNK It is danced by some thirty-five men and no women, and it contains everything in the UNK UNK comedy, UNK UNK and tricks that only madmen or Russians would attempt to make the human body UNK Yuri UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Yuri UNK and Mr& UNK were the chief UNK but everybody on stage was UNK #@# At the other extreme in character was the half-hour excerpt from the UNK ballet UNK which opened the evening. What a man this UNK UNK And why do we in the West know so few of his UNK This scene is a UNK UNK in which a UNK hero searches for his departed UNK spirit among twenty-eight extraordinarily beautiful UNK who can all dance like nothing human- which, of course, is altogether fitting. The ensemble enters in a long UNK passage that is of fantastic difficulty, as well as UNK and UNK is the general medium of the piece. #@# Its UNK Olga UNK performs simple miracles of beauty, and UNK UNK Inna UNK and Gabrielle UNK make up a threesome of UNK accomplishments. UNK UNK as the lone UNK meets the competition well with some brilliant hits, but the work is designed to belong to the ladies. The middle section of the program was made up of short numbers, naturally enough of UNK merit, but all of them pretty good at that. They consisted of a new arrangement of UNK excerpts danced UNK by UNK UNK and Mr& UNK with a large UNK a winning little UNK UNK variation by the adorable UNK UNK two of those poetic UNK in Greek veils (and superb esthetic UNK by UNK UNK and Igor UNK in one case and Inna UNK and Yuri UNK in the other; an amusing character pas de UNK called UNK UNK a stirring UNK of UNK pas de deux by UNK UNK and UNK UNK and a lovely version of UNK "Le UNK by Olga UNK which had to be repeated. UNK UNK was the UNK It was quite an UNK A UNK ago today, when the Democrats were UNK and UNK in Los Angeles and John F& Kennedy was still only an able and ambitious Senator who UNK for the power and responsibility of the UNK Theodore H& White had already compiled masses of notes about the Presidential campaign of 1960. As the pace of the UNK American political festival UNK Mr& White took more notes. He traveled alternately with Mr& Kennedy and with Richard M& Nixon. He asked intimate questions and got frank answers from the members of what he calls the UNK UNK He assembled quantities of facts about the nature of American politics in general, as well as about the day-to-day course of the closest Presidential election in American history. Those of us who read the papers may think we know a good deal about that UNK how little we know of what there is to be known is made UNK clear by Mr& White in "The Making of the President UNK This is a remarkable book and an astonishingly interesting one. What might have been only UNK topical journalism turns out to be an UNK contribution to history. Mr& White, who is only a competent UNK is a brilliant UNK His zest for specific detail, his sensitivity to emotional atmosphere, his UNK industry and his UNK turned prose all contribute to the effectiveness of his book. #A UNK IN UNK As a dramatic narrative "The Making of the President UNK is continuously UNK And as an introduction to American politics it is highly UNK The author begins this volume with a UNK of Mr& Kennedy, his family and his UNK waiting for the returns. He then switches back to a consideration of the seven principal Presidential UNK five UNK Senator Hubert H& UNK Senator Stuart UNK Senator Lyndon B& Johnson, Adlai E& Stevenson and Mr& UNK and two UNK Governor Rockefeller and Mr& Nixon. Then, in chronological order, Mr& White covers the primary campaigns, the conventions and the Presidential campaign itself. In the process he writes at length about many related UNK the importance of race, religion, local tradition, UNK organizations, zealous volunteers and television. Mr& White is UNK frank in his personal opinions. He frequently cites intimate details that seem to come straight from the UNK UNK from numerous UNK and from Mr& Kennedy UNK but never from Mr& Nixon, who looked on reporters with suspicion and UNK UNK in American history has there been a political campaign that discussed issues less or clarified them UNK says Mr& UNK Mr& Nixon, he believes, has no particular political philosophy and UNK his own campaign. Although a skillful politician and a courageous and honest man, Mr& Nixon, Mr& White believes, ignored his own top-level UNK wasted time and effort in the wrong UNK missed opportunities through indecision and damaged his chances on television. Mr& Nixon is "a UNK UNK man, given to long stretches of UNK he trusts only himself and his wife. **h He is a man of major talent- but a man of solitary, uncertain UNK **h He was above all a friend UNK almost pathetic in his UNK to be UNK He wanted to identify with people and have a connection with them; **h the least inspiring candidate since Alfred M& UNK Mr& Kennedy, Mr& White believes, "had mastered politics on so many different levels that no other American could match him". UNK UNK composed, UNK UNK Mr& Kennedy always knew everything about UNK He enlisted a staff of loyal experts and of many zealous volunteers. Every decision was made quickly on sound grounds. UNK was enforced and nothing was left to chance. Mr& Kennedy did not neglect to UNK the personal friendship of UNK Mr& White UNK him profoundly and leaves no doubt that he is a Democrat himself who expects Mr& Kennedy to be a fine President. UNK UNK Throughout "The Making of a UNK Mr& White shows wonderfully well how the pressures pile up on candidates, how decisions have constantly to be made, how fatigue and illness and nervous strain wear candidates down, how subordinates play key roles. And he makes many interesting comments. Here are UNK "The root question in American politics is UNK UNK the Man to UNK To understand American politics is, simply, to know people, to know the relative weight of UNK who are UNK who are straw men, who controls, who does not. But to operate in American politics one must go a step UNK one must build a bridge to such names, establish a warmth, a personal UNK "In the hard life of politics it is well known that no platform nor any program advanced by either major American party has any purpose beyond expressing UNK "All UNK are UNK the program of either party is what lies in the vision and conscience of the candidate the party chooses to lead it". UNK WEEK at Lewisohn Stadium, which had begun with the appearance of the UNK UNK UNK on Tuesday night, continued last night as UNK Pons led the list of UNK in an evening of French operatic UNK Miss Pons is certainly not UNK singer ever is- and yet the UNK of the evening again lay more in paying tribute to a great figure of times gone by than in present accomplishments. The better part of gallantry might be, perhaps, to honor her perennial good looks and her UNK UNK gown, and to UNK the orchestra for not playing in the same keys in which she had chosen to UNK No orchestra, however, could be expected to follow a singer through quite as many adventures with pitch as Miss Pons encountered last night. In all UNK there were flashes of the great UNK of UNK flashes even of the old consummate UNK #@# One such moment came in the UNK way Miss Pons sang the UNK to UNK UNK UNK The years suddenly fell away at this point. On the whole, however, one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to UNK her own reputation as time marches inexorably on. UNK the program was the young UNK tenor Richard UNK making his stadium debut on this occasion. Mr& UNK began UNK with a voice that tended toward an unpleasant UNK when pushed beyond middle volume. Later on this problem UNK and the UNK UNK from UNK UNK was beautifully and intelligently UNK Radio is easily UNK television in its strides to reach the minority UNK Lower costs and a larger number of stations are the key factors making such specialization possible. The UNK of UNK UNK offering concerts (both jazz and UNK UNK and other special events, is a phenomenon which has had a fair amount of publicity. Not so well known is the growth of broadcasting operations aimed wholly or partly at Negro UNK an audience which, in the United States, UNK some UNK people with UNK to spend each year. Of course, the UNK listener does his share of television UNK He even buys a lot of the products he sees UNK despite the fact that the copy makes no special bid for his favor and sponsors rarely use any but white models in UNK But the growing number of Negro-appeal radio stations, plus evidence of strong listener support of their UNK give time salesmen an impressive argument as they approach new prospects. It is estimated that more than 600 stations (of a total of UNK do a significant amount of programing for the UNK At least 60 stations devote all of their time to reaching this audience in about half of the 50 states. These and other figures and comments have been reported in a special supplement of Sponsor magazine, a trade publication for radio and ~TV UNK For 10 years Sponsor has issued an annual survey of the size and characteristics of the Negro market and of successful techniques for reaching this market through radio. In the past 10 years, Sponsor UNK these trends have become UNK _@_ Negro population in the U&S& has increased 25 per cent while the white population was growing by 18 per cent. "The forgotten 15 UNK as Sponsor tagged the Negro market in its first UNK has become a UNK 19 million. _@_ UNK are changing their attitudes, both as to the significance of this market and the ways of speaking to it. _@_ UNK programing to Negro listeners are having to upgrade their shows in order to keep pace with rising UNK economic, and cultural levels. UNK the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects, not simply serve on the air. In the last decade the number of Negro-appeal radio program hours has risen at least 15 per cent, and the number of Negro-appeal stations has increased 30 per cent, according to a research man quoted by UNK A year ago the Negro Radio Association was formed to spur research which the UNK member stations are sure will bring in more business. The 1960 census underscored the explosive character of the population growth. It also brought home proof of something a casual observer might have UNK that more than half of the U&S& Negroes live outside the southeastern states. Also, the state with the largest number of Negroes is New UNK not in the South at all. In New York City, UNK UNK UNK community service programs than any other Negro UNK and "one of the largest Negro news staffs in America". And UNK colorful mobile unit, cruising UNK Negro UNK is a frequent reminder of that station's UNK dedication to UNK interests. Recently, UNK won praise for its expose of particular cases of employment agency UNK A UNK other stations in the New York area also bid for attention of the city's Negro population, up about 50 per cent in the past decade. In all big cities outside the South, and even in small towns within the South, radio stations can be found beaming some or all of their programs at Negro listeners. The UNK Broadcasting UNK Negro network includes 360 affiliated stations, whose signals reach more than half the total U&S& Negro population. One question which inevitably crops up is whether such stations have a future in a nation where the Negro is moving into a fully integrated status. Whatever the long-range impact of integration, the owners of Negro-appeal radio stations these days know they have an audience and that it is UNK UNK have discovered the tendency of Negroes to shop for brand names they have heard on stations catering to their special interests. And many UNK have been happy with the results of letting a Negro disc UNK phrase the commercial in his own words, working only from a fact sheet. What sets Negro-appeal programing apart from other radio UNK Sponsor magazine notes the stress on popular Negro bands and UNK UNK mood UNK UNK music, folk songs and UNK and gospel programs. Furthermore, news and special presentations inform the listener about groups, projects, and personalities rarely mentioned on a UNK station. UNK copy frequently takes into account matters of special Negro concern. Sponsor quotes John UNK of the UNK station group as saying that the Southern Negro is becoming conscious of quality and and UNK not wish to be associated with radio which is any way UNK to his UNK he tends to shy away from the UNK and hollering personalities that originally made Negro radio programs UNK The sociological impact is perhaps most UNK summed up in this quotation of J& Walter Carroll of UNK San UNK UNK radio is more important to the Negro today, because it provides a direct and powerful mirror in which the Negro can hear and see his ambitions, achievements and desires. It will continue to be important as a means of orientation to the Negro, seeking to become UNK as he tries to make adjustment to the urban life. Negro radio is vitally necessary during the process of UNK UNK of "The Life and Times of John UNK in the Delaware Art Center here suggests a current nostalgia for human values in art. UNK by way of announcing the gift of a large and intimate Sloan collection by the artist's widow, Helen UNK Sloan, to the Wilmington Society of the Fine UNK the exhibition presents a survey of Sloan's work. From early family UNK painted before he entered the schools of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine UNK the chronology extends to a group of paintings executed in his last year UNK and still part of his estate. Few artists have left a life work so eloquent of the period in which they lived. Few who have painted the scenes around them have done so with so little UNK The paintings, drawings, prints, and illustrations all reflect the manners, costumes, and mores of America in the first half of the present century. Obviously Sloan's early years were influenced by his close friend Robert UNK As early as 1928, however, the Sloan style began to change. The dark pigments of the early work were superseded by a brighter UNK The UNK of brush stroke yielded to a hatching technique that finally led to virtual abandonment of American UNK in favor of single figure studies and studio UNK The exhibition presents all phases of Sloan's many-sided art. In addition to the paintings are drawings, prints, and UNK Sloan created such works for newspaper UNK before UNK threw him out of a job and sent him to UNK the streets of New York, thereby building for America an UNK city survey from paintings of UNK UNK to UNK UNK on city UNK One of the most appealing of the UNK canvases is UNK and UNK on the UNK with a woman and child bracing themselves against UNK clothes and flying birds. Although there are landscapes in the show (one of the strongest is a UNK of UNK UNK in UNK the human element was the compelling factor in Sloan's art. UNK are such canvases as UNK Street, Saturday UNK with its typically American crowd UNK never went UNK the UNK UNK UNK in which action is UNK by UNK or UNK Theater, UNK the only canvas with an ash can (and UNK UNK although Sloan was a member of the famous UNK and of the so-called UNK UNK a term he UNK Not all the paintings, however, are of cities. The exhibition touches briefly on his sojourn in the Southwest UNK in the UNK a vigorous Indian dance, and landscapes suggest the influence of western color on his UNK The fact that Sloan was an UNK concerned primarily with what he saw, adds greatly to the value of his art as a human UNK There are UNK items in the Wilmington show, including one painting by each member of the UNK as well as work by Sloan's friends and students. UNK the actual art are UNK correspondence, UNK books from the artist's library, etc&. All belong to the collection being given to Wilmington over a period of years by Mrs& Sloan, who has cherished such UNK items ever since she first studied with Sloan at the Art Students League, New York, in the 1920's. To enable students and the public to spot Sloan UNK the Delaware Art Center UNK to its director, Bruce St& UNK will maintain a complete file of photographs of all Sloan works, as well as a card index file. The entire Sloan collection will be made available at the center to all serious art students and UNK The current UNK which remains on view through Oct& 29, has tapped 14 major collections and many private sources. Any musician playing Beethoven here, where Beethoven was born, is likely to examine his own interpretations with special care. In a sense, he is offering Bonn what its famous son (who left as a UNK never UNK the sound of the UNK mature style. Robert UNK who gave the only piano recital of the recently concluded UNK Beethoven Festival, penetrated deep into the spirit of the style. His readings were careful without being UNK and they were authoritative without being UNK The 32 ~C minor Variations with which he opened moved UNK yet logically from one to another, leaving the right impression of abundance under discipline. The ~D minor UNK Op& 31 No& 2, introduced by UNK shaped UNK was most engaging in its moments of UNK single lines in which the fingers seemed to be feeling their way toward the idea to come. These UNK dramatic moments showed the kind of UNK UNK of which Beethoven was genuinely UNK but which did not take so kindly to the mechanics of UNK Two late UNK Op& 110 and UNK were played with similar insight, the disarming UNK of the Op& UNK UNK made plain without ever becoming obvious. The two were separated from each other by the Six UNK of Op& UNK Herr UNK in everything he gave his large Beethoven Hall audience, proved himself as an interpreter of unobtrusive authority. UNK UNK who conducted UNK UNK UNK on the following evening, made one more conscious of the process of UNK Herr UNK has only recently become the city's music director, and is a young man with a clear flair for the UNK But he UNK the Eighth UNK at times, with a UNK UNK which seemed considerably at odds with the music. He might have been UNK to all appearances, that this relatively sunny UNK in conjunction with the UNK UNK at the end of the program, could amount to something like the UNK but no amount of UNK could make it so. The UNK preoccupation with the business of starting and stopping caused occasional UNK as with the first orchestra entrance in the Fourth Piano UNK but when he put his deliberations and UNK aside and let the music move as UNK it did so with plenty of spring. The UNK soloist, Hans UNK played with UNK ease and economy, though without the consummate plasticity to which we had been treated on the previous evening by Herr UNK His was a UNK UNK solid and UNK Everybody returned after UNK for the miscellaneous UNK of the UNK for UNK UNK and Orchestra in ~C minor, made up by its composer to fill out one of his programs. The entrance of the UNK UNK UNK civic UNK was worth all the UNK however, as the young UNK voices finally brought the music to life. The last program of this UNK which during two weeks had sampled most UNK UNK brought the Cologne UNK and UNK to UNK UNK hall for a performance of the UNK UNK A tribe in ancient India believed the earth was a huge tea tray resting on the backs of three giant elephants, which in turn stood on the shell of a great UNK This theory eventually proved UNK But the primitive method of explaining the unknown with what is known bears at least a symbolic resemblance to the methods of modern science. It is the business of UNK the scientists who study the nature and structure of the universe, to try to solve the great cosmic mysteries by using keys that have clicked open other doors. These keys are the working principles of physics, mathematics and astronomy, principles which are then UNK or UNK to explain phenomena of which we have little or no direct knowledge. In the autumn of 1959, the British Broadcasting Corporation presented a series of talks by four scientists competent in UNK Three of these men discussed major theories of the universe while the other acted as a UNK The participants were Professor H& UNK professor of mathematics at King's College, UNK Dr& W& B& UNK reader in mathematics at Queen Elizabeth College, UNK Dr& R& A& UNK a lecturer at St& John's College, Cambridge, and a reader in theoretical astronomy at the University of UNK and Dr& G& J& UNK reader in applied mathematics at the Imperial College of Science and Technology, London. Dr& UNK UNK as UNK The programs were so well received by the British public that the arguments have been published in a totally engrossing little book called, UNK UNK of UNK Dr& Bonnor begins with a discussion of the relativistic theories of the universe, based on the general theory of UNK First of all, and this has been calculated by observation, the universe is UNK that is, the galaxies are receding from each other at immense speeds. Because of this Dr& Bonnor holds that the universe is becoming more UNK populated by stars and whatever else is there. This expansion has been going on for an estimated eight billion years. UNK AND UNK Dr& Bonnor supports the idea that the universe both UNK and contracts, that in several billion years the expansion will slow up and reverse itself and that the contraction will set in. Then, after many more billions of years, when all the galaxies are UNK toward a common center, this movement will slow down and reverse itself again. Professor UNK UNK with the UNK theory. He supports the UNK theory which holds that matter is continually being created in space. For this reason, he says, the density of the universe always remains the same even though the galaxies are UNK away in all directions. New galaxies are forever being formed to fill in the UNK left by the receding UNK If this is true, then the universe today looks just as it did millions of years ago and as it will look millions of years hence, even though the universe is UNK For new galaxies to be created, Professor UNK UNK it would only be necessary for a single hydrogen atom to be created in an area the size of your living room once every few million years. He contends this idea doesn't conflict with experiments on which the principle of conservation of matter and energy is based because some slight error must be assumed in such experiments. Dr& Lyttleton backs the theory that we live in an electric universe and this theory starts with the behavior of UNK and UNK UNK and electrons bear opposite electrical charges which make them attract each other, and when they are joined they make up an atom of UNK the basic building block of matter. The charges of the electron and proton are believed to be exactly equal and UNK but Dr& Lyttleton is not so sure. UNK says Dr& UNK the proton has a slightly greater charge than the electron (so slight it is presently UNK This would give the hydrogen atom a slight UNK Now if one hydrogen atom were placed at the surface of a large sphere of hydrogen atoms, it would be subject both to the UNK of the sphere and the UNK of all those atoms in the sphere. Because electrical forces (the UNK are far more powerful than UNK the surface hydrogen atoms would shoot away from the sphere. Dr& Lyttleton then imagines the universe as a large hydrogen sphere with surface atoms shooting away from it. This, he claims, would reasonably account for the expansion of the universe. UNK UNK This slim book, while giving the reader only a fleeting glimpse of the scientific mind confronting the universe, has the appeal that informed conversation always UNK Several photographs and charts of galaxies help the UNK keep up with the discussion, and the smooth language indicates the contributors were determined to avoid the UNK that seems to work its way into almost every field. It is clear from this discussion that UNK of every persuasion look UNK toward the day when a man-made satellite can be equipped with optical devices which will open up new UNK to science. Presently, the intense absorption of ultra-violet rays in the earth's atmosphere seriously UNK ground UNK These scientists are convinced that a UNK UNK by the earth's gases will go a long way toward UNK or destroying cosmic UNK There would seem to be some small solace in the prospect that the missile race between nations is at the same time accelerating the study of the space around us, giving us a UNK ladder from which to peer at alien regions. In doing away with the tea UNK the elephants and the giant UNK science has developed a series of UNK defensible explanations of the UNK And although the universe may forever defy understanding, it might even now be finding its match in the imagination of man. UNK the new play at the UNK UNK Theater on UNK St& which has been made over from a night club, is about the intellectual and spiritual awakening of an English farm girl. UNK successful in England before its transfer to New York, most of UNK is as UNK UNK as the UNK of the small new theater are gaudy. Only in its final scene, where Beatie UNK UNK UNK shakes off the disappointment of being UNK by her intellectual lover and UNK her emancipation do we get much which makes worthwhile the series of UNK rustic happenings we have had to watch for most of the first two and one-half UNK The burden of Mr& UNK message is that people living close to the soil (at least in UNK are not the happy, fine, strong, natural, earthy people UNK intellectuals UNK Rather they are genuine UNK proud of their UNK and openly antagonistic to the illuminating influences of UNK or thought. They care no more for politics, says Mr& UNK than they do for a UNK UNK to have roots in the UNK they actually have none in life. They UNK in short, in the UNK UNK in which peasants and UNK of the past are commonly reported to have lived. But this is a theme which does not take so much time to state as Mr& UNK UNK to it. So much UNK of mind and household does not attract the interest of the UNK UNK he has been living in a UNK palace, perhaps, and wants a real big heap of UNK The UNK meals, the washing of dishes, the drying of clothes may be realism, but there is such a thing as UNK Now for the good points. Miss UNK as Beatie has a great fund of animal spirits, a strong voice and a warm smile. She is just home from a sojourn in London where she has become the sweetheart of a young fellow named Ronnie (we never do see him) and has been subjected to a first course in thinking and UNK including a dose of good British socialism. But while she is able to tell her retarded family about the new world she has seen open before her, Ronnie has not been able to observe her progress, and instead of appearing at a family party to be looked over like a new UNK he sends Beatie a letter of UNK UNK getting no sympathy for her misfortune, soon UNK and finds that although she has lost a lover she has gained her freedom. Despite a too long sustained UNK UNK this final speech is UNK and we see why British audiences apparently were impressed by UNK There were several fairly good minor portraits in the play, including William UNK UNK of a UNK rather pathetic father, and Katherine UNK vigorous characterization of a farm mother who UNK no UNK UNK from her daughter, or anyone else. But I am afraid Mr& UNK meat and potatoes dish isn't well seasoned enough for local audiences. UNK had a word for everything, even for the rain that disrupted Wednesday night's "Much UNK About UNK opening the season of free theatre in Central Park. The New York Shakespeare Festival, which is using the Wollman Memorial UNK UNK while its theatre near the UNK is being completed, began UNK Joseph UNK impassioned founder of the festival and director of "Much UNK had a UNK colorful production under way. Using a wide stage UNK he mingled music and dance with Shakespeare's words in a spirited UNK The audience filled all the seats inside the Wollman enclosure and UNK onto the UNK outside the fence. The barbed UNK of Beatrice and UNK so contemporary to a public UNK to the humor of UNK raised UNK The UNK comedy of UNK and UNK also familiar in a day that responds easily to jokes skimmed off the top of writers' UNK evoked laughter. The UNK of the UNK party at UNK palace, with the Spanish motif in the music and dancing in honor of the visiting Prince of UNK cast a spell of UNK #@# As "Much UNK turned serious while the UNK UNK rejected Hero at the UNK a sprinkle began to fall. At first hardly a person in the audience UNK although some umbrellas were opened. But the rain came more UNK and men and women in light summer clothes began to UNK The UNK Hero and her father, UNK followed by the UNK left the stage. A voice on the UNK system announced that if the rain let up the performance would resume in ten minutes. More than half the audience UNK Some remained in the Wollman UNK fortified with UNK or with newspapers to cover their heads. Others huddled under the trees outside the fence. Twenty minutes after the UNK although it was still UNK the play was resumed at the point in the fourth act where it had been stopped. Beatrice UNK UNK and UNK (J& D& UNK took their places on the stage. In their very first speeches it was clear that Shakespeare, like a UNK had foreseen this moment. Said UNK "Lady UNK have you wept all this UNK UNK UNK UNK and I will UNK a while longer". The heavens refused to give up their UNK The gallant company completed Act /4, and got through part of Act UNK But the final scenes could not be UNK If any among the hardy hundreds who sat in the UNK are in doubt about how it comes out, let them take comfort. "Much UNK ends UNK #@# The Parks Department has done an admirable job of preparing the Wollman UNK for Shakespeare. One could hardly blame UNK Morris, the Parks UNK for devoting so much grateful mention to the department's technicians who at short notice provided the stage with its rising UNK its UNK its generous wings and even its impressive UNK for the use of the UNK UNK UNK who designed the stage, also created a gay, spacious set that blended UNK with the park background and Shakespeare's UNK mood. Mr& UNK has directed a performance that has UNK and pace, although he has UNK obvious business to UNK easy laughs where elegance and consistency of style would be UNK Elisabeth Schwarzkopf sang so magnificently Saturday night at Hunter College that it seems a pity to have to register any UNK Still a UNK or two must be entered. Schwarzkopf is, of course, UNK For style and UNK for a supreme and UNK bearing there is still no one who can touch her. If the voice is just a shade less glorious than it used to be, it is still a beautiful instrument, controlled and UNK Put to the service of UNK of UNK UNK UNK and UNK in a UNK and musical way, it made its effect with ease and precision. But what has been happening recently might be described as creeping UNK Instead of her old confidence in the UNK UNK most moving musical expression, Miss Schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic UNK that subtle UNK that sometimes UNK a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something UNK some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside. The symptoms Saturday night were UNK UNK light songs were overly UNK tragic songs a little too UNK There was an extra pause here, a UNK or a sigh there, here and there an extra little twist of a word or note, all in the interest of effect. The result was like that of a beautiful painting with some of the highlights touched up almost to the point of UNK There were stunning musical phrases too, and sometimes the deepest kind of musical and poetic absorption and communication. Miss Schwarzkopf and her excellent pianist, John UNK often achieved the highest lyrical ideals of the UNK tradition. All the more reason why there should have been no place for the UNK Miss Schwarzkopf is too great an artist to need them. THE dance, dancers and dance enthusiasts UNK of UNK had a much better time of it at Lewisohn Stadium on Saturday night than all had had two nights earlier, when Stadium Concerts presented the first of two dance programs. On Saturday, the orchestra was UNK situated down on the field, the stage floor was apparently in decent condition for dancing, and the order of the program improved. #@# There was, UNK a UNK for the UNK UNK Alvin UNK and UNK De UNK appeared in the first New York performance of Mr& UNK "Roots of the Blues", a work given its premiere three weeks ago at the Boston Arts UNK Otherwise, the program UNK as on Thursday, the UNK UNK for UNK the UNK UNK the UNK UNK "The UNK and the pas de deux from "The UNK Maria UNK and UNK UNK who danced the UNK pas de UNK were also seen in the UNK pas de deux from "Don UNK another brilliant UNK that displayed their technical UNK UNK Among the other solo ballet dancers of the evening, Elisabeth Carroll and Ivan Allen were particularly impressive in their roles in "The UNK a work that depends so much upon the precision and UNK of the two principal UNK Mr& UNK "Roots of the Blues", an earthy and very human modern dance work, provided strong contrast to the ballet selections of the evening. #@# As UNK John UNK sang five UNK to the guitar and drum accompaniments of Bruce UNK and UNK UNK Mr& UNK and Miss De UNK went through volatile dances that were by turns UNK threatening, contemptuous and UNK Their props were two UNK a chair and a palm UNK He wore the clothes of a laborer, and she was UNK UNK in a yellow and orange dress. The UNK UNK and agility of both dancers were exploited in UNK UNK UNK and slides that were almost invariably compelling in a work of strong, sometimes almost UNK UNK "Roots of the UNK may not be for gentle souls, but others should welcome its UNK impact. UNK it is better to stay at home. The armchair traveler preserves his UNK This somewhat cynical comment may be found in "Blue Skies, Brown UNK a collection of travel essays by William UNK who would never consider staying home for long. Mr& Sansom is English, bearded, UNK UNK the versatile author of numerous volumes of short stories, of novels and of pieces that are neither short stories nor travel articles but something midway between. The only man alive who seems qualified by his learning, his disposition and his UNK to a baroque UNK of language to UNK the literary UNK of UNK UNK Mr& Sansom writes of foreign parts with a dedication to decoration worthy of a pastry chef creating a wedding cake for the marriage of a Hungarian beauty UNK UNK and an American UNK (his UNK The result is rather wonderful, but so rich as to be UNK if taken in too thick UNK There are sixteen essays in "Blue Skies, Brown UNK Most of them were written between 1953 and 1960 and originally appeared in various UNK All are well written and are UNK But, even if Mr& Sansom UNK too hard to extract more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language UNK he still can charm and UNK Too many books and articles are just assembled by putting one word after another. Mr& Sansom actually UNK his with a nice ear for a UNK composed sentence, with an intense UNK in all the UNK resources of English, with a thick shower of sophisticated, cultural references. #A UNK UNK "I like to UNK a place, and reproduce what it really smells and looks like, its color, its particular kind of life". This is an exact description of what Mr& Sansom does. He ignores UNK facts. He only rarely tells a personal anecdote and hardly ever sketches an individual or quotes his opinions. It is an over-all impression Mr& Sansom strives for, an impression compounded of visual details, of a UNK mixture of UNK of much loving attention to architecture and scenery, of lights and UNK of UNK of atmosphere and of echoes of the past. William Sansom writes only about Europe in this book and frequently of such familiar places as London, UNK the French UNK and the UNK UNK But no matter what he writes about he brings to his subject his own original mind and his own sensitive reactions. "A writer lives, at best, in a state of UNK he says. UNK any feeling he has of the good or the evil of the world lies a deeper one of wonder at it all. To transmit that feeling he UNK This may not be true of many writers, but it certainly is true of Mr& UNK So in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional UNK of St& UNK that still persists in St& UNK at the sun and the heat of Mediterranean lands, always much brighter and UNK to an UNK than to an American used to summers in New York or Kansas UNK at the supreme UNK to be found in one of the world's finest restaurants, La UNK UNK which is situated on the UNK twenty miles west of the UNK UNK and at the infinite variety of London. Mr& Sansom can be eloquent in a spectacular way which recalls (to those who recall UNK the statues of UNK and the gigantic paintings of UNK He can coin a neat UNK "a street UNK with an UNK of UNK UNK with UNK wide and UNK as a UNK UNK after a UNK a landscape UNK "of UNK and UNK And, for all his UNK almost Byzantine UNK he can make one recognize the UNK of an unexpected comparison. UNK UNK FROM UNK In one of his best essays Mr& Sansom expresses his enthusiasm for the many country mansions designed by Andrea UNK himself that dot the environs of UNK How far that UNK and UNK style has shed its influence Mr& Sansom reminds us thus: "The white UNK UNK Southern UNK is directly traceable via the grey and buff stone of UNK England to the golden UNK of one particular part of the blue South, the UNK orbit stretching out from UNK the old mind of Andrea UNK still smiles from behind many an old rocking chair on a Southern porch, the deep UNK of his UNK music rise firm above the UNK UNK in the UNK his feeling for light and shade brings a glitter from a tall mint UNK his sense of columns framing the warm UNK night has brought together a million couple of mating UNK UNK even if a trifle gaudy. "Blue Skies, Brown UNK is illustrated with numerous excellent UNK IN recent days there have been extensive UNK over the absence of original drama on television, but not for years have many regretted the passing of new plays on radio. UNK the UNK outlet on the UNK band, has decided to do what it can to correct this UNK void. UNK it offered UNK for UNK by Jean UNK UNK is on the right UNK in the sound medium there has been excessive emphasis on music and news and there could and should be a place for UNK as the Canadian and British Broadcasting Corporations continue to UNK Unfortunately, UNK for UNK was not the UNK vehicle with which to make the point. #@# Mrs& UNK work is written for the UNK it is mentioned for an UNK production in the UNK and, in addition, employs an avant-garde structure that particularly needs to be seen if comprehension is to be encouraged. The play's device is to explore society's UNK with disaster and violence through the eyes of a group of artist's models who remain part of someone else's painting rather than just be themselves. In a succession of scenes they appear in different UNK patrons of a UNK performers in a circus and participants in a family UNK but in each instance they inevitably put ugliness before beauty. #@# Somewhere in Mrs& UNK play there is both protest and UNK of merit. But its UNK UNK and determined complexity are so overwhelming that after an hour and a half a UNK UNK begins to UNK Moreover, her central figures are so busily UNK their UNK assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills. But quite conceivably an altogether different impression will obtain when the work is offered in the theatre and there can be other effects to relieve the burden on the author's words. Which in itself is an immediate reward of the UNK UNK good radio drama has its own special demands that badly need UNK A UNK showcase for contemporary music, from the UNK UNK of Stravinsky to the UNK and UNK of electronic music, is celebrating its fourth anniversary this month. UNK UNK New in UNK the enterprising program is heard Saturday afternoons on radio station UNK The brief notes introducing each work offer salient historical or technical points, and many listeners are probably grateful for being intelligently taken by the hand through an often difficult UNK The show is UNK and written by the station's assistant continuity editor, Chuck UNK The first Saturday in each month is set aside for new UNK Last Saturday's interesting UNK included Ernst UNK UNK UNK Richard UNK and a brief excerpt from a new UNK opera by the Swedish composer, UNK UNK Other UNK are devoted to studies of a selected American composer, a particular type of music or the music of a given country. It is commendable that a regularly scheduled hour is set aside for an introduction to the contemporary musical scene. But one wishes, when the appetite is UNK as it was in the case of the UNK excerpt from the UNK opera, that further opportunity would be provided both for hearing the works in their entirety and for a closer analytical look at the sense and nature of the UNK THE UNK Dance Company dropped in at Madison Square Garden last night for the first of four farewell performances before it brings its long American tour to a close. It is not simply giving a repetition of the program it gave during its New York engagement earlier this season, but has brought back many of the numbers that were on the bill when it paid us its first visit and won UNK heart. It is good to see those numbers again. The UNK of Old Russian UNK that opened that inaugural program with the slow and modest entrance of the UNK and built steadily into typical UNK vigor and UNK the amusing UNK in which a UNK young man is given his UNK the lovely (and of course UNK UNK or "The UNK the three UNK dances entitled UNK the sweet and funny little dance about potato planting called UNK and the UNK picture of social life in an earlier day called UNK UNK are all just as good as one remembers them to have been, and they are welcome back. So, for that matter, are the newer UNK the UNK UNK with its animal movements, that genial UNK act by UNK UNK called "The UNK the rousing and beautiful UNK celebration called UNK "The Three UNK of UNK hopping up on their UNK and, of course, the trenchant UNK UNK UNK As autumn starts its annual UNK few Americans and UNK realize how fortunate they are in having the world's finest fall UNK UNK displays of this sort are relatively rare in the entire land surface of the earth. The only other regions so blessed are the British UNK western Europe, eastern China, southern UNK and parts of Japan, New UNK and UNK Their autumn UNK are all fairly low keyed compared with the fiery UNK of UNK gold, purple, UNK blue and UNK that flame up in North America. Jack UNK is not really responsible for this great seasonal UNK in fact, a freezing autumn UNK the UNK The best effects come from a combination of UNK climate and plenty of UNK rain, followed by sunny days and cool nights. Foliage UNK either organized or individual, are becoming an autumn item for more and more Americans each year. Below is a specific guide, keyed to the calendar. UNK UNK Late September finds UNK color at its UNK especially in the UNK hills and in the area south of the St& Lawrence River. In the UNK provinces farther east, the tones are a little UNK UNK foliage is most vivid from about Sept& 23 to Oct& 10, with both UNK UNK miles north of UNK and UNK UNK miles northwest of UNK holding color UNK starting Sept& 23. In the Canadian UNK great UNK of UNK are already UNK UNK _NEW UNK UNK sugar UNK are UNK from Sept& 25 to Oct& 15, and often hit a height in early October. New Hampshire figures its peak around Columbus Day and UNK of all its UNK including the yellow of the UNK The shades tend to be a little UNK in the forests that blanket so much of UNK In western Massachusetts and northwest Connecticut, the UNK are at their vibrant prime the first week of October. UNK UNK UNK The UNK blaze UNK in early October, choice routes being UNK from UNK up to Lake George and UNK and 86 in the Lake UNK area. UNK south in New York there is a heavy UNK of color over the UNK in UNK notably along routes 23 and UNK About the same time the UNK and UNK in Pennsylvania are UNK UNK holds its annual UNK Foliage Festival on Oct& 14, UNK New UNK color varies from staccato to pastel all the way from the Delaware Water UNK to Cape May. UNK During the first half of October the Blue Ridge and other parts of the UNK provide a spectacle stretching from Maryland and West Virginia to Georgia. The most brilliant displays are along the Skyline Drive above Virginia's UNK Valley and throughout the Great UNK between North Carolina and UNK UNK Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota have many superb stretches of color which reach their height from the last few days of September well into October, especially in their northern sections, UNK UNK UNK County whose UNK celebration is Sept& 29-Oct& 8. In Wisconsin, take route 55 north of UNK or routes UNK and 60 from UNK to Prairie du Chien. In Michigan, there is fine color on route 27 up to the UNK UNK while the views around UNK and Iron Mountain in the Upper UNK are UNK In Minnesota, UNK County and route 53 north to International Falls are UNK UNK south, there are attractive patches all the way to the UNK with some seasonal peaks as late as early November. UNK UNK National UNK Missouri's Iron County and the UNK of UNK UNK should be at their best in UNK _THE UNK The UNK have many UNK which are organized tours of the UNK areas with frequent stops at vantage points for viewing the golden UNK In Colorado, UNK has its Fall Color Week Sept& UNK UNK and UNK both sponsor UNK Sept& 24, and UNK Springs has a week-long UNK Sept& UNK New Mexico's biggest is at UNK Oct& 7, 8, while UNK and UNK cooperate in similar trips Oct& 1. UNK UNK UNK Two sharply contrasting places designed for public enjoyment are now on UNK The Corn Palace at Mitchell, S& UNK "the world's UNK UNK has a UNK through Sept& 23 UNK the Three UNK and UNK UNK UNK Since UNK ears of red, yellow, purple and white corn have annually been nailed to 11 big picture panels to create UNK UNK The 1961 theme is the Dakota UNK UNK with the pictures including the Lewis and Clark UNK the first river UNK the 1876 gold UNK a little red schoolhouse on the UNK and today's construction of large Missouri River UNK The panels will stay up until they are replaced next summer. UNK UNK near UNK Square, UNK (about 12 miles from UNK UNK was developed and heavily endowed by the late Pierre S& du UNK Every Wednesday night through Oct& 11 there will be an elaborate colored fountain display, with UNK UNK throwing jets of water up to 130 feet. The UNK UNK nozzle throws a giant fan of water 100 feet wide and 40 feet high. The gardens themselves are open free of charge the year round, and the UNK permanent employes make sure that not a dead or UNK flower is ever seen indoors or out by any visitor. The UNK alone cover 3-1/2 acres. UNK UNK WITHOUT UNK UNK UNK after a long, painful illness that might have crushed a UNK soul, has come back with an absolute gem of a novel which jumped high on UNK lists even before official publication. Though the UNK segregation in her native South- has been thoroughly UNK Miss UNK uses her poet's instinct and UNK skill to UNK her place at the very top of modern American writing. @ UNK AND UNK With an art that almost UNK art, J& D& UNK can create a fictional world so authentic that it UNK Here, in the most eagerly awaited novel of the season (his first since <The UNK in the UNK he tells of a college girl in flight from the life around her and the tart but sympathetic help she gets from her UNK brother. @ _THE UNK OF UNK UNK UNK UNK A UNK UNK satire on very high French society involving a statesman with two enviable UNK a lovely young bride and a head containing such weighty thoughts that he has occasionally to remove it for greater comfort. There is probably a moral in all this about UNK UNK heart". @ _A UNK OF UNK AND UNK UNK Peterson, a critic by trade, has turned her critical eye UNK and honestly on herself in an autobiography more of the mind and heart than of specific events. It is an engrossing commentary on a UNK upper-middle-class New York way of life in the first part of this century. @ UNK UNK This UNK by Louis UNK of the brief, UNK life of Stephen UNK poet and master novelist at 23, dead at UNK is in UNK form but does not abuse its tragic subject. @ UNK UNK Rachel UNK UNK <A UNK UNK of Country UNK this is a gentle and nostalgic chronicle of the changing seasons seen through the clear, humorous eye of a UNK housewife and popular UNK @ UNK UNK UNK Two noted UNK from overseas will get the fall dance season off to a sparkling start. UNK Kirov Ballet, famous for classic purity of technique, begins its first U&S& tour in New York (through Sept& UNK The UNK UNK Dance Company, with music and dances that UNK the many facets of UNK culture, opens its UNK U&S& tour in San Francisco (through Sept& UNK then, via UNK stands, moves on to Los UNK Angeles (Sept& 29-Oct& 1). UNK UNK THE UNK With UNK in full swing, you can enjoy UNK for grapes at UNK UNK (Sept& UNK as well as for UNK at UNK UNK (Sept& UNK 1), for UNK at UNK W& UNK (Sept& UNK sugar cane at New UNK UNK (Sept& 29-Oct& 1) and tobacco at Richmond, UNK (Sept& UNK The mule is honored at UNK N&C& (Sept& UNK and at UNK UNK (Sept& UNK 1), while the legend of the Maid of the UNK is celebrated at UNK Falls through the UNK The fine old mansions of U&S& UNK old home town of UNK UNK are open for inspection (Sept& 23, 24). An UNK tournament will be held at North UNK UNK (Sept& 23, 24). The UNK UNK of Staten Island (through Sept& UNK and of UNK UNK (through Sept& UNK will both include UNK and UNK UNK UNK UNK This French film, set in Italy, is a UNK UNK in shock and terror all shot in lovely sunny UNK so breath-taking that at times you almost forget the horrors the movie is dealing with. But slowly they take over as UNK UNK UNK Sept& UNK playing a sometimes appealing but always criminal boy, casually tells a rich and UNK American that he is going to murder him, then does it even while the American is trying to puzzle out how UNK expects to profit from the act. UNK UNK UNK devotees will have good reason to do their customary cart wheels over a new and complete stereo version of the UNK opera. Maria goes all out as a UNK princess who gets UNK by a Roman big shot. By UNK her beautifully sung UNK is UNK UNK UNK and UNK The tenor lead, UNK UNK and La UNK cast under Maestro UNK UNK are all first rate. @ UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK AND UNK UNK In a raucous take-off on radio UNK UNK Ray Stevens UNK a cure-all for UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK overweight, UNK UNK and water on the knee. @ Of the nation's eight million UNK owners a sizable number have learned that late autumn is one of the loveliest seasons to be UNK at least in that broad UNK region that lies below America's belt line. UNK are busy right now from the Virginia capes to the Texas coast. There true UNK often find November winds steadier, the waters UNK the fish UNK and rivers more UNK less turbulence and mud, and fewer floating UNK More and more boats move UNK on wheels UNK million trailers are now in UNK and UNK taking long weekends can travel south with their craft. In the UNK the fall brings out UNK of UNK who find the summer too hot for comfort. And on northern shores UNK sailors from Long Island to Lake Michigan will beat around the UNK in dozens of UNK races. Some pleasant fall cruising country is UNK out below. UNK UNK UNK UNK boating is just UNK into its best months in California as crisp UNK bring out craft of every size on every kind of water- ocean, lake and UNK Shore facilities are UNK Los Angeles UNK 5,000 boats, and Long Beach UNK but marinas are crowded everywhere. New UNK and UNK are being rushed at UNK del UNK UNK UNK Point, UNK and Mission Bay. UNK outboard motorists welcome cooler weather and the chance to UNK over Colorado River UNK and Lake UNK Newest UNK playground is the UNK Sea, a UNK desert UNK which is now a salty lake 42 miles long and UNK feet below sea level. On Nov& 11, 12, UNK will drive their flying UNK in UNK UNK over its UNK UNK course. In San Francisco Bay, winds are UNK and UNK during this season. A UNK may have a bone in her teeth one minute and lie UNK the next. But UNK are scheduled right up to UNK The Corinthian Yacht Club in UNK launches its winter races Nov& 5. UNK UNK UNK UNK damaged UNK of the marinas in the UNK UNK area but fuel service is back to normal, and explorers can UNK as far west as Port UNK on the Mexican UNK UNK activity is slowed down by Texas UNK but power UNK can move freely, UNK into the San UNK UNK and UNK rivers UNK UNK fishing in the UNK or pushing UNK to the UNK country of UNK UNK Grand UNK UNK often visit the towering oil UNK The Mississippi UNK leads into a protected UNK running about 200 miles from UNK to UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK like UNK Lake, inside the city limits, and sailors look for autumn winds at UNK Lake where fall racing is now in progress. River cruising for small craft is ideal in November. At New Orleans, UNK Lake UNK has few UNK and UNK boating. UNK are less UNK than the Florida type but service is good and UNK cooking better. UNK UNK Ten thousand UNK miles of UNK frame the UNK lakes in the vast Tennessee River system that UNK in and out of seven states. When dam construction began in 1933, fewer than 600 boats used these UNK today there are UNK {A UNK ago it was UNK that the primary character in Erich Maria Remarque's new novel was based on the Marquis UNK de UNK the Spanish UNK who died driving in the UNK UNK automobile race of 1957. If this was in fact Mr& Remarque's intention he has achieved a notable failure. Clerfayt of "Heaven Has No UNK resembles Portago only in that he is male and a UNK quite a bad UNK whereas Portago was a good one. He is a UNK UNK and UNK UNK the twelfth Marquis de Portago was intelligent, UNK and UNK One looked forward to Mr& Remarque's ninth book if only because not even a reasonably good novel has yet been written grounded on automobile racing, as dramatic a sport as mankind has UNK UNK "Heaven Has No UNK does not alter the record except to add one more bad book to the list. Mr& Remarque's conception of this novel was sound and perhaps even UNK He proposed throwing together a man in an occupation of high hazard and a woman balanced on a UNK between death from UNK and UNK His treatment of it is something else. His heroine chooses to UNK the price of recovery, years under the strict UNK of a UNK being higher than she wishes to pay. Her lover UNK her in death, at the UNK and presumably he too has UNK Between the first meeting of Clerfayt and Lillian and this dismal UNK Mr& Remarque has laid down many pages of UNK discourse, some UNK and rather UNK UNK pleasant talk about some of the countryside and restaurants of Europe, and a UNK of automobile UNK The UNK on life, death, and the wonder of it all are UNK the UNK perhaps because it is pale and UNK when one has been conditioned to expect harsh colors and UNK is often UNK the automobile racing bears little relation to reality. This latter failure is more than merely bad UNK and it is distinctly more important than it would have been had the author drawn Clerfayt as, say, a tournament UNK UNK to life and UNK on the golf course, while UNK are UNK UNK UNK on the other hand, are quite often killed on the UNK and since it was obviously Mr& Remarque's intention to establish automobile racing as life in UNK one might reasonably have expected him to demonstrate precise knowledge not only of techniques but of mores and attitudes. He does not. The jacket biography describes him as a former racing driver, and he may indeed have been, although I do not recall having encountered his name either in the records or the literature. Perhaps he has only forgotten a great deal. The book carries a UNK in which Remarque says it has been necessary for him to take minor liberties with some of the procedures and UNK of UNK The necessity is not clear to me, and, in any case, to present a UNK UNK as saying he has left his car, which, or whom, he calls UNK parked "on the Place UNK UNK at a dozen UNK and UNK parked around UNK is not a UNK it is an UNK But it is in the matter of preoccupation with death, which is the primary concern of the book, that Remarque's failure is UNK Clerfayt is UNK UNK and UNK To be human, he believes, is to seek one's own UNK the UNK UNK cliche inevitably cited whenever laymen talk about auto UNK In point of fact, the UNK one knows are nearly always intelligent, healthy technicians who differ from other technicians only in the depth of the passion they feel for the work by which they live. A Clerfayt may moon on about the face of Death in the UNK a Portago could say, as he did say to me, "If I die UNK still I have had twenty-eight wonderful years; but I UNK die UNK I'll live to be UNK UNK UNK may think of the engine driving his car as "a mystical UNK under the UNK The Italian master UNK UNK no less sensitive, knows twice the ecstasy though he thinks of a UNK UNK to a wet UNK road at UNK miles an hour as a matter best expressed in UNK UNK UNK driving, sees himself "a UNK whose cone UNK down to UNK the UNK UNK Moss, one of the greatest UNK of all time, believes that UNK UNK driving is an art form related to ballet. UNK in technical terminology suggest that the over-all translation from the German may not convey quite everything Mr& Remarque hoped to tell us. However, my principal objection in this sort of novel is to the UNK treatment of UNK UNK UNK atomic UNK and all the UNK of our age as brooding UNK or hysterical UNK {THE UNK is UNK according to this book. In contrast, the East is UNK led by such stalwart heroes as Khrushchev, UNK and UNK Against this UNK determination to UNK the whole world stands a group of nations unable to agree on fundamentals and each refusing to make any sacrifice of sovereignty for the common good of all. It is Field Marshal UNK belief that in most Western countries about 60 per cent of the people do not really care about democracy or UNK about 30 per cent call themselves Christians in order to keep up appearances and be considered UNK and only the last 10 per cent are genuine Christians and believers in UNK But these Western countries do care about themselves. Each feels intensely UNK If, say, the Russians intended to stop Tom UNK going to the UNK then Tom Jones would fight the UNK But he would fight for his own liberty rather than for any abstract principle connected with it- such as UNK For all practical purposes, the West stands UNK UNK and unprepared for the tasks of world leadership. With this UNK Montgomery of UNK launches his attack upon the UNK of the West. Never given to UNK words, he places heavy blame upon the UNK UNK leadership of Britain and particularly America. At war's end leadership in Western Europe passed from Britain because the UNK Government devoted its attention to the creation of a welfare state. With Britain looking UNK overseas problems were neglected and the baton was passed on to the United States. Montgomery believes that she started well. UNK gave generously in economic aid and military equipment to friend and foe UNK She pushed UNK and UNK nations into UNK but she failed to lead them into unity and world peace. America has divided more than she has united the West. The reasons are that America generally believes that she can buy anything with dollars, and that she compulsively strives to be UNK However, she really does not know how to match the quantity of dollars given away by a quality of leadership that is basically needed. But the greater reason for UNK stumbling American leadership is due to the shock her pride suffered when the Japanese attacked at Pearl Harbor. "They are UNK Montgomery writes, "not to be surprised again, and now insist on a state of readiness for war which is not only UNK but also creates UNK **h among other nations in the Western UNK not to mention such great suspicions among the nations of the Eastern bloc that any progress towards peaceful coexistence or disarmament is not possible". The net result is that under American leadership the general world situation has become bad. To UNK the American people, who in two previous world wars were very reluctant to join the fight, "now look like the nation most likely to lead us all into a third World UNK ## UNK faulty as has been our leadership clearly the United States must be relied upon to lead. The path to leadership is made clear. Montgomery calls for a leader who will first put the West's own house in order. Such a man must be able and willing to give clear and sensible advice to the whole group, a person in whom all the member nations will have absolute confidence. This leader must be a man who lives above illusions that heretofore have shaped the foreign policy of the United States, namely that Russia will agree to a UNK Germany, that the East German government does not exist, that events in Japan in June 1960 were UNK that the true government of China is in UNK that Mao was the evil influence behind Khrushchev at the UNK Conference in Paris in May 1960, and that either China or Russia wants or expects war. Such a leader must strengthen ~NATO UNK and establish that true unity about which it has always UNK After drastically UNK ~NATO, Western leadership should turn to reducing the suspicions that tear apart the East and West. Major to this effort is to get all world powers to withdraw to their own territories, say by UNK "The West should make the central UNK but the East would have to show sincerity in carrying it out". "But where is the leader who will handle all these things for UNK Montgomery knew all the national leaders up to the time of Kennedy. The man whom he would select as our leader for this great task is de UNK He alone has the wisdom, the conviction, the UNK and the courage to reach a decision. But de UNK is buried in the cause of restoring France's lost soul. UNK rises to the occasion walks a treacherous path to leadership. The leader Montgomery UNK will need to discipline himself, lead a carefully regulated and orderly life, allow time for quiet thought and UNK adapt decisions and plans to changing situations, be UNK particularly with UNK and be honest and morally UNK All in all, Montgomery calls for a leader who will anticipate and dominate the events that surround him. ## {IN UNK as far back as UNK thence to UNK UNK Lincoln, Churchill, and UNK Montgomery attempts to trace the UNK and qualities of great men. He believes that greatness is a marriage between the man and the times as was aptly represented by Churchill, who would very possibly have gone down in history as a political failure if it had not been for Hitler's war. However, Montgomery makes little contribution to leadership theory and practice. Most of what is said about his great men of history has already been said, and what has not is largely irrelevant to the contemporary scene. Like UNK he holds the UNK suspicion of UNK However, at the same time Montgomery selects as his hero de UNK who is a UNK dominated by political ambitions. UNK shows a remarkable capacity for the direct statement and an equally remarkable UNK for giving adequate support. For the most part, his writing UNK and UNK preventing easy access by the reader to his true thoughts. Nevertheless, Montgomery has stated courageously and wisely the crisis of the Western world. It suffers from a lack of unity of purpose and respect for heroic leadership. And it remains to be seen if the new frontier now taking form can produce the leadership and wisdom necessary to understand the current shape of events. UNK UNK no common thing for a listener UNK or UNK to hear a singer UNK for the first time only after he has died. But then, UNK UNK was no common UNK and his whole career, public and UNK was studded with the kind of UNK happenings that terminate with the appearance of his first UNK only when he has ceased to be a living voice. It is a kind of justice, too, that it should originate in London's Royal Albert Hall, where, UNK the UNK if not the UNK performers have entertained the thousands it will accommodate UNK Victor UNK UNK UNK To be sure, UNK made numerous concert UNK here and abroad, but these did not take him to New York where the UNK critic might UNK The reading public, the UNK public, the UNK public, the UNK UNK all these and others fill substantial roles in U&S& life, but none is so varied, vast and UNK as the eating public. The Department of Agriculture averaged out U&S& food consumption last year at UNK lbs& per person, which, allowing for the 17 million Americans that John Kennedy said go to bed hungry every night, means that certain UNK on the upper end must somehow down 8 lbs& or more a day. That mother hen of the UNK tables, the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co&, UNK that 48 million Americans are UNK Through previous centuries, eating changed by nearly UNK UNK and mostly toward just getting enough. Now big forces buffet food. For the first time in history, the U&S& has produced a society in which less than one-tenth of the people turn out so much food that the Government's most embarrassing problem is how to dispose UNK of 100 million tons of surplus farm produce. In this same society, the plain citizen can with an average of only one-fifth his income buy more calories than he can UNK UNK UNK processing and packaging UNK to defy season and banish UNK And in the wake of the new UNK and the new techniques of processing comes a new American interest in how what people eat affects their health. To eat is human, the nation is learning to think, to survive divine. UNK UNK UNK Not all the concern for health is well directed. From the UNK UNK of UNK eggs and UNK the U&S& has progressed to UNK concentrates and UNK Each year, reports the American Medical Association, ten million Americans spend UNK million on UNK UNK and other food supplements. At juice bars in Los Angeles' 35 UNK stores, a new sensation is a UNK UNK UNK UNK of dried eggs, powdered milk and UNK UNK which sells for UNK per UNK UNK UNK stores sell dozens of foods that boast of having almost no food value at all. But a big part of the public wants to know facts about diet and health, and a big group of U&S& scientists wants to supply them. The man most firmly at grips with the problem is the University of UNK UNK UNK Keys, 57, inventor of the wartime ~K (for UNK ration and author of last year's UNK UNK Well and UNK UNK From his UNK office in the Laboratory of UNK UNK under the university's football stadium in Minneapolis UNK get a UNK on every UNK UNK UNK Dr& Keys directs an UNK UNK experiment on diet, which spans three continents and seven nations and is still growing. UNK it, he has UNK UNK miles, suffered indescribable UNK UNK and meticulously collected physiological data on the health and eating habits of 10,000 individuals, from UNK UNK to Italian UNK He has measured the UNK (the UNK areas under the shoulder UNK of UNK UNK studied the UNK of UNK UNK analyzed the UNK eaten by UNK UNK and experimented on Minneapolis UNK UNK AND UNK Keys's findings, though far from complete, are likely to smash many an eating UNK UNK eggs and milk begin to look like foods to hold down on (though mothers' milk is still the UNK UNK of the number of milligrams of cholesterol in the blood, which seem to have value in predicting heart UNK are becoming as routine as the UNK which can show that the heart has suffered a symptomatic attack. Already many an American knows his count, and UNK or worries depending on whether it is nearer 180 UNK or 250 UNK Out of cholesterol come Keys's main messages so UNK @ Americans eat too much. The typical U&S& daily UNK says Dr& Keys, contains 3,000 UNK should contain UNK And extra weight increases the risk of cancer, UNK artery disease and heart attack. @ Americans eat too much UNK With meat, milk, butter and ice cream, the UNK U&S& diet is 40% UNK and most of that is saturated UNK the UNK kind, says Dr& Keys, that increases blood UNK damages UNK and leads to coronary disease. UNK A UNK Throughout much of the world, food is still so scarce that half of the earth's population has trouble getting the UNK calories a day necessary to sustain life. The deficiency UNK UNK tropical UNK UNK run UNK In West Africa, for example, where meat is a luxury and babies must be UNK early to make room at the breast for later UNK a childhood menace is UNK or UNK UNK a UNK protein deficiency UNK reddish hair, UNK UNK that kills more than half its UNK leaves the rest prey for UNK and lingering tropical disease. In the UNK U&S&, deficiency diseases have virtually vanished in the past 20 years. Today, as UNK UNK of Internal UNK a standard UNK text, puts it, "The most common form of UNK is caloric excess or UNK Puritan New England regarded obesity as a flagrant symbol of UNK and thus a sin. Says Keys: UNK if the idea got around again that obesity is UNK the fat man would start to UNK UNK aside, the fat man has plenty to worry UNK over and above the fact that no one any longer loves him. The simple mechanical strain of overweight, says New York's Dr& Norman UNK can UNK and damage the heart "for much the same reason that a Chevrolet engine in a Cadillac body would wear out sooner than if it were in a body for which it was UNK The fat man has trouble buying life insurance or has to pay higher UNK He UNK for UNK UNK a 25% higher death rate from cancer. He is particularly vulnerable to UNK He may find even moderate physical UNK UNK because excess body fat UNK his breathing and UNK his muscular movement. UNK people UNK because what Dr& UNK calls the UNK is set too high. The UNK which UNK the appetite to keep weight constant, is located, says UNK in the UNK near the body's temperature, sleep and UNK controls. Physical exercise raises the UNK So does cold weather. In moderate doses, alcohol UNK the UNK and UNK appetite (the original reason for the UNK but because liquor has a high caloric UNK 100 calories per UNK the heavy UNK is seldom UNK In rare cases, diseases such as UNK or a pituitary tumor may damage the UNK UNK destroying nearly all sense of UNK UNK FOR UNK Far more UNK UNK is the result of a psychological UNK It may be fostered by frustration, depression, UNK or, in children, simply by the desire to stop an anxious mother's UNK Some families place undue emphasis on UNK conversations center on it, and rich UNK are offered as UNK withheld as punishment. The result says UNK "The child gains the feeling that food is the purpose of life". Food may act as a UNK giving temporary emotional UNK just as, for some people, alcohol does. Reports Dr& Keys: "A fairly common experience for us is the wife who finds her husband staying out more and more. He may be interested in another woman, or just like being with the boys. So she UNK around in the UNK and UNK out a chocolate UNK It's a matter of UNK and the UNK feeling that she is entitled to something, because UNK being deprived of something UNK For the army of compulsive UNK from the UNK and the UNK to the downright UNK reducing is a war with the will that is rarely won. UNK Keys flatly UNK such appetite UNK as the UNK UNK UNK as dangerous UNK for a weak UNK Keys has no such objections to UNK Quaker UNK UNK and other UNK milk formulas that are currently winning favor from UNK UNK is a pretty complete UNK he says. "It contains large amounts of protein, vitamins and UNK In the quantity of 900 calories a day, anyone will lose weight on it- 20, 30 or 40 UNK But Keys worries that the UNK UNK will never make either the psychological or physiological adjustment to the idea of eating smaller portions of food. UNK UNK UNK Despite his personal distaste for obesity UNK Dr& Keys has only an incidental interest in how much Americans eat. What concerns him much more is the relationship of diet to the nation's No& 1 UNK coronary artery disease, which accounts for more than half of all heart UNK and kills UNK Americans a year- twice the toll from all varieties of cancer, five times the deaths from automobile UNK UNK the UNK of Dr& Keys's theory, is a mysterious UNK UNK substance, chemically a crystalline alcohol. Scientists assume that cholesterol (from the Greek UNK meaning UNK and UNK meaning UNK is somehow necessary for the formation of brain cells, since it accounts for about 2% of the UNK total solid weight. They know it is the chief ingredient in UNK They suspect it plays a role in the production of UNK UNK and they believe it is essential to the transport of fats throughout the UNK system. But they cannot fully explain the process of its manufacture by the human UNK Although the fatty protein UNK carried in the blood and partly composed of UNK are water UNK cholesterol itself is UNK and cannot be destroyed by the body. "A remarkable UNK says Dr& Keys, "quite apart from its tendency to be deposited in the walls of UNK When thus UNK Keys says that cholesterol is mainly responsible for the arterial UNK that UNK in heart UNK UNK Keys: As the fatty protein molecules travel in the UNK they are deposited in the UNK or inner wall of a coronary artery. The proteins and fats are burned off, and the cholesterol is left UNK As cholesterol UNK up, it UNK UNK and damages the artery, encouraging formation of calcium deposits and slowing circulation. UNK says Keys, one of two things happens. A UNK forms at the site, seals off the flow of blood to the heart and provokes a heart attack. Or UNK UNK thinks UNK the deposits themselves get so big that they choke off the UNK flow to the point that an UNK UNK the heart muscle is UNK cells supplied by the artery UNK and the heart is UNK perhaps fatally injured. UNK + UNK UNK the human liver UNK only enough cholesterol to satisfy the body's UNK for transportation of fats and for production of UNK Even eggs and other UNK foods, eaten in normal UNK says Dr& Keys, do not materially affect the amount of cholesterol in the blood. But fatty foods do. During World War /2,, doctors in The UNK and UNK noted a curious UNK despite the stresses of Nazi UNK the death rate from coronary artery disease was slowly UNK Not until long after the war- 1950, in UNK did they get a UNK of the reason. That year, Sweden's UNK UNK showed that the sinking death rate neatly coincided with increasingly severe restrictions on fatty foods. That same year the University of California's Dr& UNK UNK timing oxidation rates of blood UNK stumbled onto the discovery that many vegetable fats cause blood cholesterol levels to drop radically, while animal fats cause them to rise. Here Keys and others, such as Dr& A& E& UNK of the Rockefeller Institute, took over to demonstrate the chemical difference between vegetable and animal UNK and even between different varieties of each. All natural food fats fall into one of three UNK UNK UNK and UNK The degree of saturation depends on the number of hydrogen atoms on the fat UNK UNK fats can accommodate no more UNK UNK fats have room for two more UNK on each UNK and the UNK fat molecule has room for at least four UNK The three fats have similar caloric values (about UNK calories per UNK but each exerts a radically different influence on blood UNK As a result, although we still make use of this distinction, there is much confusion as to the meaning of the basic terms employed. Just what is meant by "spirit" and by UNK The terms are generally taken for granted as though they referred to direct and axiomatic elements in the common experience of all. Yet in the contemporary context this is precisely what one must not do. For in the modern world neither "spirit" nor UNK refer to any generally UNK elements of experience. We are in a transitional stage in which many of the connotations of former usage have had to be revised or UNK When the words are used, we are never sure which of the traditional meanings the user may have in mind, or to what extent his revisions and UNK of former UNK correspond to ours. One of the most widespread features of contemporary thought is the almost universal disbelief in the reality of spirit. Just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material UNK Not only in popular thought but in that of the highly educated as well was this true. UNK UNK angels, and a host of other spiritual beings were as much a part of the experiential world of western man as were rocks and trees and stars. In such a world the words UNK and "spirit" both referred to directly known realities in the common experience of all. In it important elements of Christianity and of the Biblical view of reality in general, which now cause us much difficulty, could be responded to quite naturally and UNK The progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of Biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit world of the entities which previously populated it. In carrying out this program science has undoubtedly performed a very considerable service for which it can claim due credit. The UNK of the world of spirit in popular superstition had certainly gone far beyond what the experience of spirit could justify or support. Science is fully competent to deal with any element of experience which arises from an object in space and time. When, therefore, it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had UNK the world of spirit, these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality. In doing so science has unquestionably cleared up widespread UNK removed extraneous and UNK sources of fear, and dispelled many undesirable popular UNK There have been, indeed, many important and valuable gains from the development of our present scientific view of the world for which we may be rightly grateful. All this has not, however, been an UNK blessing. The scientific UNK of the spirit world has been in a way too successful and too UNK The house has been swept so clean that contemporary man has been left with no means, or at best with wholly inadequate means, for dealing with his experience of spirit. Although the particular form of UNK which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly UNK the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever. We simply find ourselves in the position of having no means for inquiring into the structure and meaning of this range of our experience. There is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality, as we know and UNK it, with respect to which we can refer this experience. Science has simply left us helpless and UNK in this important sector of our lives. The situation in which we find ourselves is brought out with dramatic force in Arthur Miller's play <The UNK which deals with the Salem witch trials. As the play opens the audience is introduced to the community of Salem in Puritan America at the end of the eighteenth century. Aside from a quaint concern with witches and UNK which provides the immediate problem in the opening scene, it is a quite normal community. The conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of UNK UNK UNK and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age. There is no occasion to feel uneasy or disturbed about these people. Instead, the audience can sit back at ease and, from the perspective of an enlightened time which no longer believes in such things, enjoy the dead seriousness with which the characters in the play take the witches and UNK which are under discussion. A teenage girl, UNK Williams, is being sharply questioned by her minister UNK the Reverend Samuel UNK about a wild night affair in the woods in which she and some other girls had seemed to have had contact with these evil beings. For all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night, the UNK world is populated with real creatures, and witches actually can be seen flying through the air. As the play UNK however, the audience is subtly brought into the grip of an awful evil which grows with UNK gathering power and soon UNK the community. Everyone in Salem, UNK and UNK alike, is swept up by it. It is like a mysterious epidemic which, starting first with UNK and UNK spreads inexorably with a UNK growing UNK through the whole town until all have been infected by it. It grows terribly and unavoidably in power and leaves in its wake a trail of UNK moral UNK and destruction. The audience leaves the play under a spell, It is the kind of spell which the exposure to spirit in its living active manifestation always UNK If one asks about this play, what it is that comes upon this community and works within it with such terrible power, there is no better answer to give than UNK This is not to attempt to say what spirit is, but only to employ a commonly used word to designate or simply identify a common experience. In the end the good man, John UNK expresses what the audience has already come to feel when he says, "A fire, a fire is UNK I hear the UNK of UNK I see his filthy UNK The tragic irony of the play is that the very belief in and concern with a devil who could be met in the woods and UNK with formulae set out in books was the very thing that prevented them from detecting the real devil when he came among them. We marvel at their blindness for not seeing this. Yet are not we of the mid-twentieth century, who rightly do not believe there is any such UNK as the UNK just as bad off as UNK only in a different way? In our disbelief we think that we can no longer even use the word and so are unable to even name the elemental power which is so vividly real in this play. We are left helpless to cope with it because we do not dare speak of it as anything real for fear that to do so would imply a commitment to that which has already been UNK and proved false. Even Mr& Miller himself seems uncertain on this score. In a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play, he says at one UNK UNK that experience never raised a doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of UNK UNK UNK And his belief is not to his UNK Better minds than UNK UNK and still are- convinced that there is a society of spirits beyond our UNK (page UNK On the other hand, a little later on he says: "Since UNK a great but superficial change has wiped out God's beard and the UNK UNK but the world is still gripped between two UNK opposed UNK The concept of unity, in which positive and negative are attributes of the same force, in which good and evil are UNK UNK and always joined to the same UNK such a concept is still reserved to the physical sciences and to the few who have grasped the history of ideas **h. When we see the steady and methodical UNK into humanity of the idea of man's UNK until UNK the necessity of the UNK may become evident as a weapon, a weapon designed and used time and time again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or UNK (page UNK Apparently he does not intend that those who read or view this play should think of the devil as being actually real. Yet such is the dramatic power of his writing that the audience is nevertheless left in the grip of the terrible power and potency of that which came over UNK It casts a spell upon them so that they leave with a feeling of having been in the mysterious presence of an evil power. It is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the UNK of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect. For this does not account for the UNK elemental power of that which grows with UNK vigor as the play UNK nor does it explain the strange UNK sense of UNK which comes over those who watch the play like a UNK The reality of spirit emerges in this play in spite of the author's convictions to the contrary. UNK AND UNK There is nothing in the whole range of human experience more widely known and universally felt than spirit. Apart from spirit there could be no community, for it is spirit which draws men into community and gives to any community its unity, UNK and UNK UNK for example, of the spirit of the Marine Corps. Surely this is a reality we all UNK We cannot, of course, assign it any substance. It is not material and is not a UNK occupying space and time. Yet it exists and has an objective reality which can be experienced and known. So it is too with many other spirits which we all UNK the spirit of UNK or Communism, school spirit, the spirit of a street corner gang or a football team, the spirit of Rotary or the Ku Klux UNK Every community, if it is alive has a spirit, and that spirit is the center of its unity and identity. In searching for clues which might lead us to a fresh apprehension of the reality of spirit, the close connection between spirit and community is likely to prove the most UNK For it is primarily in community that we know and experience spirit. It is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to UNK It is the spirit which is the source of a community's drawing power by means of which others are drawn into it from the world outside so that the community grows and UNK Yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community. The idea of community and the idea of spirit are two distinct and UNK ideas. One characteristic of the spirit in community is its UNK The members of the community do not create the spirit but rather find it present and waiting for them. It is for them a given which they and they alone UNK The spirit of the Marine Corps was present and operative before any of the present members of it came into it. It is they, of course, who keep it alive and preserve it so the same spirit will continue to be present in the Corps for future recruits to find as they come into it. If the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be UNK of the UNK and this, it must not be forgotten, is one of the goals of the perennial theological UNK there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation. This does not mean that mythological language as such can no longer be used in theology and preaching. The absurd notion that demythologization entails the UNK of all mythological concepts completely UNK Bultmann's UNK His point is not that mythology may not be used, but that it may no longer be regarded as the only or even the most appropriate UNK for expressing the Christian UNK When we say that a mythological mode of thought must be completely abandoned, we mean it must be abandoned as the sole or proper means for presenting the Christian understanding of existence. UNK concepts may by all means still be used, but they can be used UNK only as UNK or UNK that is, only if they are also constantly UNK in UNK (or UNK terms. The statement is often made that when UNK argues in this way, he UNK the intellectual UNK which myth is supposed to put in the way of accepting the Christian faith". But this statement is completely UNK If Bultmann's own definition of myth is strictly adhered to (and it is interesting that this is almost never done by those who make such UNK the evidence is overwhelming that he does not at all exaggerate the extent to which the mythological concepts of traditional theology have become incredible and irrelevant. Nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly UNK from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been UNK On the contrary, even in the heart of "the Bible UNK itself, as can be attested by any one who is called to work there, the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way, together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world. In fact, it is in just such a situation that the UNK of Bultmann's argument is UNK Although the theological forms of the past continue to exist in a way they do not in a more secularized situation, the striking thing is the rapidity with which they are being reduced to a marginal existence. This is especially in evidence among the present generation of the suburban middle class. Time and again in counseling and teaching, one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the UNK UNK of their UNK heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious. The same thing is also evidenced by the extreme UNK so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the American churches. In the absence of a truly adequate UNK in which the gospel can be expressed, the unavoidable need to UNK it makes use of whatever resources are at UNK and this usually means one or another of the various forms of "folk UNK current in the situation. This is not to say that the <only> explanation of the present infatuation with Norman Vincent UNK UNK of UNK or the other types of a purely cultural Christianity is the ever-present need for a UNK UNK But it is to say that this need is far more important for such infatuation than most of the UNK seem to have UNK However, even if the latent demand for demythologization is not nearly as widespread as we are UNK at least among the cultured elements of the population there tends to be an almost complete indifference to the church and its traditional message of sin and grace. To be sure, when this is pointed out, a common response among certain churchmen is to UNK about "the little UNK and "the great UNK and to take solace from UNK UNK of the UNK of the UNK in the opening chapter of First UNK But can we any longer afford the luxury of such smug UNK Can the church risk assuming that the UNK of men is as dear to God as their UNK or, as is also commonly UNK that "the UNK of God" and "the UNK of UNK are simply two ways of talking about the same UNK Can we continue to UNK precisely those whose gifts we so desperately need and apart from whose co-operation our mission in the world must become increasingly UNK There is an ancient and venerable tradition in the church (which UNK however, from the heritage of the Greeks rather than from the UNK that God is completely independent of his creation and so has no need of men for accomplishing his work in the world. by analogy, the church also has been regarded as entirely independent of the UNK in the sense of requiring nothing from it in order to be the church. But, as UNK everywhere reminds us, God <does> have need of his creatures, and the church, <a UNK can ill afford to do without the talents with which the world, by God's UNK presents it. And yet this is exactly the risk we run when we UNK as we too often do, that we can continue to preach the gospel in a form that makes it seem incredible and irrelevant to cultured men. Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand, we are UNK ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly UNK In arguing in this way, we are obviously taking for granted that a UNK restatement of the UNK can be UNK and that we firmly believe this will presently become evident when we set forth reasons to justify such a conviction. But the main point here is that even if such a restatement were <not> possible, the demand to UNK the UNK would still be UNK This is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition. If to be a Christian means to say UNK where I otherwise say no, or where I do not have the right to say anything at all, then my only choice is to refuse to be a Christian. UNK UNK if the price for becoming a faithful UNK of Jesus Christ is some form of UNK whether of the body or of the mind- UNK UNK UNK UNK then there is no alternative but that the price remain UNK This must be stressed because it is absolutely essential to the argument of this concluding chapter. Modern man, as Dietrich UNK has told us, has "come of UNK and though this process by no means represents an unambiguous gain and is, in fact, marked by the UNK from the depths that seems to be the cost of human UNK it is still a positive step UNK and those of us who so richly benefit from it should be the last to despise it. In any event, it is an UNK step, and if we are at all honest with ourselves, we will know we have no other alternative than to live in the world in which God has seen fit to place us. To say this, of course, is to take up a position on one side of a controversy going on now for some two hundred years, or, at any rate, since the beginning of the UNK modern period in theological thought. We have aligned ourselves with that "liberal" tradition in Protestant Christianity that counts among the great names in its history those of UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK and more recently, Schweitzer and the early UNK and, in part at least, UNK It is to this same tradition that most of the creative figures in the last century and a half of American theology also UNK For we must number here not only the names of UNK UNK and UNK not to mention those of "the Chicago UNK and UNK but those of the brothers UNK and (if America may claim UNK UNK as well. Finally, we may also mention the several members of the UNK UNK movement that developed at the University of Chicago and is heavily indebted UNK to the creative work of Alfred North UNK What makes this long and diverse tradition essentially <one> is that those who have belonged to it have been profoundly in earnest about being modern men in a UNK modern world. Although they have also been concerned to stand squarely within the tradition of the apostolic church, they have exhibited no willingness whatever to sacrifice their modernity to their Christianity. They have insisted, rather, on living fully and completely within modern culture and, so far from considering this treason to God, have looked upon it as the only way they could be faithful to him. When we say, then, that today, in our situation, the demand for demythologization must be accepted without condition, we are simply saying that at least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement. However much we may have to criticize liberal UNK constructive formulations, the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go UNK UNK not UNK it. In UNK this we have already taken the decisive step in breaking the deadlock into which Bultmann's attempt to formulate such a theology has UNK For we have said, in effect, that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the UNK discussion, only one is really an alternative. If the demand for demythologization is unavoidable and so must be accepted by theology UNK the position of the "right" is clearly UNK Whereas Bultmann's UNK position is UNK inconsistent and is therefore UNK on formal grounds alone, the general position of the UNK as represented, say, by Karl Barth, involves the rejection or at least qualification of the demand for demythologization and so is UNK on the material grounds we have just considered. It follows, then, provided the possibilities have been UNK that the only <real> alternative is the general viewpoint of the UNK which has been represented on the UNK by UNK UNK and, to some extent at least, is found in much that is significant in American and English UNK In order to make the implications of our position as clear as possible, we may develop this argument at greater length. We may show, first, that there cannot possibly be an alternative other than the three typically represented by UNK Barth, and UNK To do this, it is sufficient to point out that if the principle in terms of which alternatives are to be conceived is such as to exclude more than two, then the question of a UNK possibility is a meaningless question. Thus, if what is at issue is whether "All ~S is UNK it is indifferent whether "Some ~S is not UNK or "No ~S is UNK since in either case the judgment in question is false. Hence, if what is in question is whether in a given theology myth is or is not completely UNK it is unimportant whether only a little bit of myth or a considerable quantity is UNK for, in either event, the first possibility is UNK Therefore, the only conceivable alternatives are those represented, on the one hand, by the two at least apparently UNK but mutually exclusive positions of UNK and UNK and, on the other hand, by the third but really UNK position UNK to a round UNK of UNK A second point requires more extended comment. It will be recalled from the discussion in Section 7 that the position of the UNK as represented by Barth, rests on the following UNK The only tenable alternative to Bultmann's position is a theology that (1) rejects or at least UNK his UNK demand for demythologization and existential interpretation; (2) accepts instead a special biblical UNK or method of interpretation; and (3) in so doing, UNK itself to give appropriate emphasis to the event Jesus Christ by means of statements that, from Bultmann's point of view, are UNK ONE UNK years ago there existed in England the Association for the UNK of the Unity of Christendom. UNK as it did the efforts of only UNK individuals of the Roman and Anglican Churches, and urging a communion of prayer UNK to Rome, this association produced little fruit, and, in fact, was condemned by the Holy Office in UNK Now again in 1961, in England, there is perhaps nothing in the religious sphere so popularly discussed as Christian unity. The Church Unity UNK January UNK was UNK devoted to prayer and discussion by the various churches. Many people seem UNK yet it is difficult to predict whether or not there will be any more real attainment of Christian unity in 1961 than there was in UNK But it must be readily seen that the religious picture in England has so greatly changed during these hundred years as to UNK hope, at least on the Catholic side. For the UNK is well on the UNK as the London Catholic weekly UNK has written. I came to England last summer to do research on the UNK letters of Cardinal UNK As an American Catholic of Irish UNK I came with certain UNK and UNK being intellectually influenced by Newman and the general UNK literature of England, I knew only a UNK country. Since arriving here, however, I have formed a far different religious picture of present-day England. In representing part of this new picture, I will be UNK some of my own personal experiences, reactions and UNK but my primary aim is to UNK what Englishmen themselves are saying and writing and implying about the Roman and Anglican Churches and about the present religious state of England. Since the Protestant clergy for the most part wear gray or some variant from the wholly black suit, my Roman collar and black UNK usually identify me in England as a Roman Catholic UNK In any case, I have always been treated with the utmost courtesy by UNK even in UNK and UNK where UNK feeling has supposedly existed the strongest and UNK Nowhere have I seen public expression of UNK On my first Guy Fawkes Day here, I found Catholics as well as non-Catholics celebrating with the traditional fireworks and UNK and was told that most Englishmen either do not know or are not concerned with the historical significance of the day. A Birmingham newspaper printed in a column for children an article entitled "The True Story of Guy UNK which UNK "When you pile your UNK on the bonfire tomorrow night, I wonder how much of the true story of Guy Fawkes you will UNK In the UNK years since the first Guy Fawkes UNK much of the story has been forgotten, so here is a UNK The article proceeded to give an inaccurate account of a UNK plot to kill King James /1,. ## IN UNK OF the increase in numbers and prestige brought about by the conversions of Newman and other UNK of the UNK and UNK the Catholic segment of England one hundred years ago was a very small one UNK per cent, or UNK which did not enjoy a gracious hearing from the general public. The return of the Catholic hierarchy in UNK was looked upon with indignant UNK and, in fact, was charged with being a gesture of UNK In UNK Newman UNK had to write his UNK with his UNK feelings in order to be believed and to command a fair hearing from English readers. Now, in 1961, the Catholic population of England is still quite small UNK per cent, or 5 UNK yet it represents a very considerable percentage of the UNK population. A Protestant woman UNK to me over the large crowds going in and out of the Birmingham UNK UNK Church on Sunday UNK She found this a marvel because, as she said, only six per cent of English people are UNK She may not have been exact on this number, but others here feel quite certain that the percentage would be less than ten. From many sides come remarks that Protestant churches are badly attended and the large medieval cathedrals look all but empty during services. A Catholic priest recently UNK how in the chapel of a large city university, following Anglican UNK at which there was a congregation of UNK he celebrated Mass before more than a hundred. The Protestants themselves are the first to admit the great falling off in effective membership in their churches. According to a newspaper report of the 1961 statistics of the Church of England, the UNK of confirmed members is UNK but only UNK are registered on the parochial church UNK and UNK 27 million people in England are baptized into the Church of England, but roughly only a tenth of them UNK An amazing article in the <Manchester UNK of last November, entitled UNK of UNK UNK states than an UNK Commission UNK last month that in the Church of England alone there are UNK churches which are UNK now, or will be in 20 years' time. A further 260 Anglican churches have been demolished since UNK And in the last five years, the UNK chapel committee has authorized the UNK or, more often, the sale of UNK UNK Most of these former churches are now used as UNK but UNK UNK nor UNK object to selling churches to Roman UNK and have done so. While it must be said that these same Protestants have built some new churches during this period, and that religious population shifts have emptied churches, a principal reason for this phenomenon of UNK is that fewer Protestants are going to church. It should be UNK too, that there is a good percentage of UNK or UNK Catholics (one paper writes 50 per UNK Still, it is clear from such reports, and apparently clear from the remarks of many people, that Protestants are decreasing and Catholics increasing. An Anglican clergyman in Oxford sadly but frankly acknowledged to me that this is true. A century ago, Newman saw that liberalism UNK we now might call UNK would gradually but definitely make its mark on English UNK and that even high UNK would someday no longer be a UNK UNK against doctrinal errors more fundamental than its own". That day is perhaps today, 1961, and it seems no longer very meaningful to call England a UNK country". One of the UNK of the present UNK for Christian unity is that there are not, relatively speaking, many real Christians to UNK Many English Catholics are proud of their Catholicism and know that they are in a new UNK The London UNK devoted its UNK issue last December 8 to mapping out various aspects of Catholic progress during the last one hundred years. With traditional nationalistic spirit, some Englishmen claim that English Catholicism is Catholicism at its best. I have found myself saying with other foreigners here that English Catholics UNK good Catholics. It has been my experience to find as many men as women in church, and to hear almost everyone in church congregations UNK the Latin prayers and responses at UNK They hope, of course, to UNK the non-Catholic population to the Catholic faith, and at every Sunday UNK they UNK by heart the UNK for UNK "O UNK Virgin Mary, Mother of God and our most gentle queen and mother, look down in mercy upon England, thy UNK and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in UNK **h. UNK for our separated UNK that with us in the one true UNK they may be united to the chief UNK the vicar of thy Son **h". A hymn often to be heard in Catholic churches is UNK of our UNK which UNK in UNK ancient faith that endured persecution, and which UNK UNK of our UNK Mary's UNK win our country back to UNK The English UNK are widely UNK quite naturally, and now there is great hope that the Forty UNK and Cardinal Newman will soon be UNK Because they have kept the faith of their medieval UNK English Catholics have always strongly resented the charge of being UNK I have not seen this charge made during my stay here, but apparently it is still in the air. For example, a writer in a recent number of <The UNK UNK states that "of the myriad UNK the only one which the English Catholics really resent is the suggestion that they are UNK In this connection, it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics, priests and UNK in England, while certainly seen as good for UNK is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics, especially when these UNK offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good. ## ONE OF THE more noteworthy changes that have taken place since the UNK century is the situation of Catholics at Oxford and Cambridge UNK At Oxford one hundred years ago there were very few Catholics, partly because religious tests were removed only in UNK Moreover, for those few there was almost no ecclesiastical representation in the city to care for their religious needs. Now, not only are there considerably more UNK as students and professors at Oxford, but there are also numerous houses of religious orders existing in respectable and friendly relations with the non-Catholic members of the University. Some Catholic priests lecture there; Catholic UNK attend UNK and row on the UNK with non-Catholic students. Further evidence that Roman Catholicism enjoys a more favorable position today than in UNK is the respectful attention given to it in the mass media of England. The general tone of articles appearing in such important newspapers as the Manchester UNK and the Sunday <Observer> implies a kindly recognition that the Catholic Church is now at least of equal stature in England with the Protestant churches. On successive Sundays during October, 1960, Paul UNK (a UNK wrote articles in the <Observer> depicting clergymen of the Church of England, the Church of Rome and the UNK Church. The Catholic priest, though somewhat superficially drawn, easily came out the best. There were many letters of strong protest against the portrait of the Anglican clergyman, who was indeed portrayed as a man not particularly concerned with religious matters and without really very much to do as UNK Such a series of articles was certainly never printed in the public press of UNK England. There was so much interest shown in this present-day venture that it was continued on UNK where comments were equally made by an Anglican UNK a Free Church minister and a Catholic UNK Catholic priests have frequently appeared on television programs, sometimes discussing the Christian faith on an equal footing with Protestant UNK A notable example of this was the discussion of Christian unity by the Catholic Archbishop of UNK Dr& UNK and the Anglican Archbishop of York, Dr& Ramsey, recently appointed Archbishop of UNK The good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well known in England. The Holy UNK of the Mass with commentary has been televised several times in recent months. And it was interesting to observe that UNK television film on Christmas Eve was <The UNK of St& UNK Of course, the crowning event that has dramatically upset the traditional pattern of English religious history was the friendly visit paid by Dr& UNK then Anglican Archbishop of UNK to the Vatican last December. It was the first time an English UNK has done this since the 14th century. English Catholics reacted to this event with moderate but real hope. Almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in UNK statistics of the increasing numbers of UNK and Irish Catholic UNK news of a Protestant minister in UNK who has offered to allow a Catholic priest to preach from his UNK a report that a Catholic UNK had been requested to teach in a non-Catholic secondary school during the sickness of one of its UNK the startling statement in a respectable UNK that UNK if the present system is still in operation, will constitute almost one-third of the House of UNK in the next UNK a report that 200 Protestant clergymen and UNK attended a UNK Mass offered for Christian unity at a Catholic church in UNK during the Church Unity UNK The death of a man is UNK and yet it is UNK The straight line would symbolize its UNK the circle its UNK But how can one figure symbolize UNK Christianity declares that in the life and death of Jesus Christ the unique and the universal UNK Perhaps no church father saw this concurrence of the unique and the universal as clearly, or formulated it as precisely, as UNK To be the UNK and the Lord, Jesus Christ has to be a historical individual with a biography all his UNK he dare not be a cosmic UNK that UNK to earth for a while but never identifies itself with man's history. Yet this utterly individual historical person must also contain within himself the common history of mankind. His history is his alone, yet each man must recognize his own history in it. His death is his alone, yet each man can see his own death in the UNK of Jesus. Each man can identify himself with the history and the death of Jesus Christ because Jesus Christ has identified himself with human history and human death, coming as the head of a new humanity. Not a circle, then, nor a straight line, but a spiral represents the shape of death as Irenaeus sees it; for a spiral has motion as well as UNK As represented by a UNK history may, in some sense, be said to repeat itself; yet each historical event remains unique. Christ is both unique and UNK The first turn of the spiral is the primeval history of humanity in UNK As UNK interprets the end of history on the basis of its beginning, so Irenaeus portrays the story of Adam on the basis of the story of Christ. UNK then, comes the substance of the first UNK From God's Will and UNK and from virgin earth. For UNK had not UNK says the UNK before man was made, UNK there was no man to till the UNK From this earth, then, while it was still virgin God took dust and fashioned the man, the beginning of UNK Irenaeus does not regard Adam and Eve merely as private individuals, but as universal human beings, who were and are all of humanity. Adam and Eve were UNK not in the sense that they possessed UNK but in the sense that they were capable of development toward perfection. They were, in fact, children. Irenaeus does not claim UNK for the human UNK therefore there is no need for him, as there is for UNK to identify existence itself with the fall. UNK is created and willed by God and is not the consequence of a UNK rebellion or of a cosmic descent from eternity into history. Historical existence is a created good. The biblical symbol for this affirmation is expressed in the words: "So God created man in his own UNK in the similitude of God he created him". There are some passages in the writings of Irenaeus where the image of God and the similitude are sharply UNK so most notably in the UNK "If the UNK Spirit is absent from the soul, such a man is indeed of an animal UNK and, being left UNK he will be an imperfect being, possessing the image [of UNK in his UNK but not receiving the similitude [of UNK through the UNK Thus the image of God is that which makes a man a man and not an UNK the similitude of God, by contrast, is that which makes a man a child of God and not merely a rational creature. Recent research on UNK however, makes it evident that he does not consistently maintain this distinction. He does not mean to say that Adam lost the similitude of God and his immortality through the UNK for he was created not exactly UNK nor yet exactly UNK but capable of immortality as well as of UNK Therefore Irenaeus describes man's creation as follows: "So that the man should not have thoughts of UNK and become lifted up, as if he had no UNK because of the dominion that had been given to him, and the freedom, fall into sin against God his UNK UNK his UNK and take up an attitude of UNK UNK towards God, a law was given him by God, that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all. And He laid down for him certain conditions: so that, if he kept the command of God, then he would always remain as he was, that is, UNK but if he did not, he would become UNK melting into earth, UNK his frame had been UNK These conditions man did not UNK and thus he became UNK yet he did not stop being human as a result. There is no justification for UNK the random statements of Irenaeus about the image of God beyond this, nor for reading into his UNK usage the later theological distinction between the image of God UNK and the similitude of God UNK Man was created with the capacity for immortality, but the UNK promise of immortality in exchange for disobedience cost Adam his immortality. He was, in the words of UNK UNK by another under the UNK of UNK The true way to immortality lay through obedience, but man did not believe this. UNK was UNK for she did not obey when as yet she was a UNK And even as she, having indeed a husband, Adam, but being nevertheless as yet a virgin UNK having become UNK was made the cause of death, both to herself and to the entire human UNK so also did Mary, having a man UNK UNK UNK and being nevertheless a UNK by yielding obedience, become the cause of salvation, both to herself and the whole human UNK Because he interprets the primitive state of man as one of mere potentiality or capacity and believes that Adam and Eve were created as children, Irenaeus often seems inclined to UNK their disobedience as being UNK no doubt, to UNK but still UNK His interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end UNK him to draw these UNK between the Virgin Eve and the Virgin Mary. That parallelism affects his picture of man's disobedience too; for as it was Christ, the Word of God, who came to rescue man, so it was disobedience to the word of God in the beginning that brought death into the world, and all our UNK With this act of UNK and not with the inception of his individual existence, man began the downward circuit on the spiral of history, descending from the created capacity for immortality to an inescapable UNK At the UNK of that circuit is death. UNK with the fruit they did also fall under the power of death, because they did eat in UNK and disobedience to God entails death. UNK as they became forfeit to death, from that UNK they were handed over to it". This leads Irenaeus to the somewhat startling notion that Adam and Eve died on the same day that they UNK namely, on a Friday, as a parallel to the death of Christ on Good UNK he sees a parallel also to the Jewish day of preparation for the UNK In any case, though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree, they obtained mortality instead. The wages of sin is death. Man's life, originally shaped for immortality and for communion with God, must now be conformed to the shape of death. Nevertheless, even at the UNK of the circuit the spiral of history belongs to God, and he still rules. Even death, therefore, has a UNK as well as a UNK function. UNK also He UNK drove him UNK out of UNK and removed him far from the tree of life, not because He envied him the tree of life, as some venture to UNK but because He UNK him, UNK did not UNK that he should continue a UNK for ever, nor that the sin which surrounded him should be UNK and evil interminable and UNK But He set a bound to his UNK UNK sin, by UNK death, and thus causing sin to UNK putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh, which should take place in the earth, so that man, UNK at length to live in sin, and dying to it, might live to God". This idea, which occurs in both UNK and UNK fits especially well into the scheme of UNK UNK for it prepares the way for the passage from life through death to life that is achieved in Christ. As man can live only by UNK so it was only by his dying that Christ could bring many to life. It is probably fair to say that the idea of death is more profound in Irenaeus than the idea of sin is. This applies to his picture of UNK It is borne out also by the absence of any developed theory about how sin passes from one generation to the next. It becomes most evident in his description of Christ as the second Adam, who does indeed come to destroy sin, but whose work culminates in the achievement of immortality. This emphasis upon death rather than sin as man's fundamental problem Irenaeus shares with many early UNK especially the UNK ones. They speak of the work of Christ as the bestowal of UNK which can mean (though it does not have to UNK UNK from time and history. Death reminds man of his sin, but it reminds him also of his UNK It represents a punishment that he knows he UNK but it also UNK most dramatically that he lives his life within the process of time. These two aspects of death cannot be successfully UNK but they dare not be confused or UNK The repeated efforts in Christian history to describe death as altogether the consequence of human sin show that these two aspects of death cannot be separated. Such efforts almost always find themselves compelled to ask whether Adam was created capable of growing old and then older and then still older, in short, whether UNK life was intended to be part of the process of time. If it was, then it must have been God's intention to translate him at a certain point from time to UNK One night, so some of these theories run, Adam would have fallen asleep, much as he fell asleep for the creation of UNK and thus he would have been carried over into the life UNK The embarrassment of these theories over the UNK of death is an illustration of the thesis that death cannot be only a UNK for some termination seems necessary in a life that is lived within the natural order of time and change. On the other hand, Christian faith knows that death is more than the natural termination of temporal existence. It is the wages of sin, and its UNK is the law. If this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural UNK the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the Creator. This seems to have been the conclusion to which UNK was UNK If death receives more than its share of attention from the theologian and if sin receives less than its share, the gift of the life eternal through Christ begins to look like the divinely appointed means of rescue from UNK i&e&, created, existence. Such an interpretation of death radically UNK the Christian view of UNK for it teaches salvation from, not salvation in, time and history. Because Christianity teaches not only salvation in history, but salvation by the history of Christ, such an interpretation of death would require a drastic revision of the Christian understanding of the work of Christ. Furthermore, as an encouragement to UNK thinking, it manifestly is fair to admit that any fraternity has a constitutional right to refuse to accept persons it UNK The Unitarian clergy were an exclusive club of cultivated UNK as the term was then understood in the Back UNK and Parker was definitely not a gentleman, either in theology or in UNK UNK UNK UNK an honorable representative of the UNK addressed himself frankly to the issue in 1845, insisting that Parker should not be UNK or UNK and that in this republic no power to restrain him by force could exist. Even so, UNK UNK argued, the Association could UNK decide that Parker UNK not be encouraged nor assisted in diffusing his opinions by those who differ from him in regard to their UNK We today are not entitled to UNK honest men who believed Parker to be downright UNK and who barred their UNK against his demand to poison the minds of their UNK One can even UNK though this is a delicate matter- that every justification existed for their returning the Public UNK to the First Church, and so to suppress it, rather than let Parker use it as a UNK board for his propaganda when his turn should come to occupy it. Finally, it did seem clear as day to these UNK as UNK son explained in the biography of his father, they had always contended for the propriety of their claim to the title of Christians. Their demand against the UNK UNK for intellectual liberty had never meant that they would follow "free UNK to the extreme of proclaiming Christianity a "natural" religion. Grant all this- still, when modern UNK and the Harvard Divinity School recall with humorous affection the UNK Parker UNK upon them, or else argue that after all Parker received the treatment he UNK they UNK an uneasy conscience. Whenever New England liberalism is reminded of the dramatic confrontation of Parker and the fraternity on January 23, UNK while it may defend the privilege of Chandler Robbins to demand that Parker leave the Association, while it may plead that Dr& N& L& UNK had every warrant for UNK "The difference between UNK and UNK is a difference in UNK the difference between Mr& Parker and the Association is a difference between no Christianity and UNK despite these supposed conclusive UNK the modern liberal UNK repeatedly a sigh of relief, of positive UNK that the Association never quite brought itself officially to UNK Parker. Had it done so, the blot on its UNK would have remained UNK nor could the Harvard Divinity School assemble today to honor UNK UNK other than by getting down on its collective knees and crying UNK UNK for UNK then, the Boston Association did not actually command Parker to leave the room, though it came too close for comfort to what would have been an UNK UNK Fortunately, the honor of the denomination can UNK that Cyrus UNK defended UNK sincerity, as did also UNK and Chandler UNK whereupon Parker broke down into UNK of UNK and rushed out of the room, though not out of the UNK In the hall, after UNK Dr& UNK took him warmly by the hand and requested Parker to visit him- whereupon our UNK Theodore again burst into tears. All this near tragedy, which to us borders on comedy, enables us to tell the story over and over again, always warming ourselves with a glow of UNK It was indeed a near thing, but somehow the inherent decency of New England (which we UNK did triumph. Parker was never UNK To the extent that he was UNK or even UNK we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it. Yet, even after all these UNK the conscience of Christian liberality is still not laid to rest, any more than is the conscience of Harvard University for having done the abject penance for its rejection of Ralph UNK UNK The Divinity School UNK of naming its hall of philosophy after him. In both cases the stubborn fact UNK liberalism gave birth to two brilliant UNK both legitimate offspring of its UNK and when brought to the test, it behaved UNK Suppose they both had ventured into UNK which their colleagues thought UNK is this the way gentlemen settle frank differences of UNK Is it after all possible that no matter how the liberals trumpet their confidence in human dignity they are exposed to a UNK of fear more UNK than any conservative has ever to worry UNK However, there is a crucial difference between the two UNK Emerson UNK the problem by UNK it aside, or rather by leaving it behind him: he walked out of the Unitarian UNK so that it could UNK the wound of his UNK preserve its UNK and eventually accord him pious UNK Parker insisted upon <not> UNK even when the majority wanted him to UNK upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out. Hence he was in his UNK as is the memory of him UNK a UNK within the liberal sensitivity. He still points an accusing finger at all of us, telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the energy to cut his throat. Actually, the dispute between Parker and the society of his time, both ecclesiastical and social, was a real one, a bitter one. It cannot be smoothed over by now UNK his UNK as delightful bits of UNK or by solemnly calling for a reconsideration of the justice of the objections to him. The fact is UNK that liberal world of Unitarian Boston <was> UNK intellectually UNK UNK afraid of the logical consequences of its own mild ventures into UNK and quite prepared to resort to hysterical UNK when its brittle foundations were UNK Parker, along with UNK and Charles UNK showed a magnificent moral UNK when facing mobs mobilized in defense of the Mexican War and slavery. Nevertheless, we can find reasons for respecting even the UNK of the UNK their passions were UNK and the division between them and the UNK is UNK But Parker as the UNK minister within the pale of a church which had proclaimed itself the UNK of liberality UNK a different problem, which is not to be resolved by holding him up as the champion of freedom. Even though his theological UNK have become, to us, UNK the fundamental UNK he phrased is very much with us. It has been endlessly UNK but I may here put it thus: at what point do the tolerant find themselves obliged to become UNK And then, as they become aware that they have reached the end of their patience, what do they, to their UNK learn for the first time about UNK There can be no doubt, the Boston of that era could be UNK cruel in enforcing its canons of behavior. The gentle UNK revered by all UNK orthodox or UNK wrote to a friend in Louisville that among its many virtues Boston did not UNK in a tolerant spirit, that the UNK of opinion crushed individuality of judgment and action: "No city in the world is governed so little by a police, and so much by mutual UNK and what is called public sentiment. We stand more in UNK of one another than most people. UNK is less individual or runs more into UNK and often rules with a rod of UNK Even more UNK and with the insight of a genius, Channing UNK remember, this is UNK not UNK that should a minister in Boston trust himself to his heart, should he UNK without book, and consequently break some law of speech, or be hurried into some daring UNK he should find little UNK Channing wrote this- in a UNK I think it fair to say that he never quite reached such UNK in his UNK But Theodore Parker, commencing his mission to the UNK disguised as the minister of a UNK Congregational UNK which bore no resemblance to the Congregational UNK descended from the UNK UNK which were still the Unitarian UNK made explicit from the beginning that the conflict between him and the UNK society was not something which could be UNK into a genteel difference about clerical UNK Because he spoke openly with what Channing had UNK someone might- with daring UNK Parker UNK UNK further prophecy that he who committed this UNK of taste would promptly discover how little mercy liberals were disposed to allow to UNK who appeared to them UNK An UNK liberalism proved itself fundamentally an institution, and only within those defined limits a UNK By reminding ourselves of these factors in the situation, we should, I am sure, come to a fresh UNK however painful it be, that the battle between Parker and his neighbors was fought in UNK He UNK the citizens in language of so little courtesy that they had to respond with, at the least, UNK What otherwise could "the lawyer, doctor, minister, the men of science and UNK do when told that they had UNK the UNK and UNK and the three UNK who stood before the golden UNK of the merchant, and continually UNK UNK holy, holy is the Almighty UNK UNK when we UNK how sensitive were the emotions of the old Puritan stock in regard to the recent tides of immigration, should we be UNK that their thin lips were compressed into a white line of rage as Parker snarled at them thus: UNK about the Catholics voting as the UNK UNK UNK the Catholics for it! You and I do the same thing. There are a great many bishops who have never had a cross on their UNK nor a UNK on their head, who appeal not to the authority of the Pope at Rome, but to the Almighty UNK a UNK much nearer home. Boston has been controlled by a few UNK lawyers and other managers, who told the editors what to say and the UNK what to UNK This was war. Parker meant business. And he took repeated care to let his colleagues know that he intended them: "Even the Unitarian churches have caught the UNK and are worse than those who deceived UNK which implied that they were very bad indeed. It was UNK he said that his parents had given him as a UNK beyond even the love that suffused his being and the sense of humor with which he was largely UNK and it was duty he would UNK though it cost him acute pain and exhausted him by the age of UNK Parker could UNK and he wept astonishingly often and on the slightest UNK but the psychology of those tears was entirely compatible with a UNK readiness to UNK his UNK "If it gave me pleasure to say hard UNK he wrote, "I would shut up UNK We have to tell ourselves that when Parker spoke in this vein, he believed what he said, because he could UNK "But the UNK which cost me bitter tears to say, I must speak, though it cost other tears UNK than UNK Because he UNK shed his own tears, and yielded himself up as a living sacrifice to the UNK conscience of New England, he was not disturbed by the UNK he worked in other people's UNK Our endeavor to capture even a faint sense of how strenuous was the fight is muffled by our indifference to the very issue which in the Boston of UNK seemed to be the central hope of its Christian survival, that of the UNK factual UNK of the miracles as reported in the Four UNK It is idle to ask why we are no longer disturbed if UNK UNK the deepest piety, decides anew that it is of no importance whether or not Christ transformed the water into wine at eleven A& M& on the third of August, A& D& UNK We have no answer as to why we are not UNK So we are the more prepared to give Parker the credit for having taken the right side in an unnecessary controversy, to UNK his courage, and to pass on, happily forgetting both him and the entire UNK We have not the UNK or the patience, or the skill, to comprehend what was working in the mind and heart of a then recent graduate from the Harvard Divinity School who would UNK the UNK to contradict his most formidable UNK the UNK UNK UNK by saying that, while he believed Jesus "like other religious UNK worked UNK "I see not how a miracle proves a UNK I have, within the past fifty years, come out of all uncertainty into a faith which is a UNK conviction of the UNK and about which I have not a shadow of UNK It has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions, the nature of the hope of a life beyond this. I have also constantly engaged in scientific work and am fully aware of the value of opinions formed in science as well as in the religions in the world. In an UNK yet in a very real sense, I have followed the developments of archaeology, UNK astronomy, UNK and UNK with a hearty appreciation of the advances being made in these fields. At one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New UNK by a UNK UNK of the Bible, to UNK which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology, for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure. UNK thus UNK left me UNK for a while and, like some higher critical friends, trying to continue to use the Bible as the Word of God while at the same time holding it to have been subjected to a vast number of UNK and UNK attempting to bridge the UNK between an older, UNK UNK generation and a critical, UNK UNK race. Although still aware of a great light and glow of warmth in the Book, I stood outside UNK in the cold. In one thing the higher critics, like the UNK however, UNK themselves, in claiming that the UNK of John was not written in John's time but well after the first century, perhaps as late as 150 UNK Now, if any part of the Bible is assuredly the very Word of God speaking through His servant, it is John's UNK To ask me to believe that so UNK marvelous a book was written long after all the events by some admiring UNK and was not inspired directly by the Spirit of God, is asking me to accept a miracle far greater than any of those recorded in the Bible. Here I took my leave of my learned friends to step out on another path, to which we might give the modern name of UNK or the thing that works. UNK it, try it, and if it works, accept it as a guiding principle. So, I put my Bible to the practical test of noting what it says about itself, and then tested it to see how it worked. As a short, possibly not the best method, I looked up UNK in the UNK and noted that the Bible claims from UNK 1 to UNK 22 to be God's personal message to man. The next traditional step then was to accept it as the authoritative textbook of the Christian faith just as one would accept a UNK on any earthly UNK and I submitted to its conditions according to Christ's invitation and promise that, UNK any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of UNK UNK UNK The outcome of such an experiment has been in due time the acceptance of the Bible as the Word of God inspired in a sense utterly different from any merely human book, and with it the acceptance of our Lord Jesus Christ as the only begotten Son of God, Son of Man by the Virgin Mary, the Saviour of the world. I believe, therefore, that we are without exception UNK by nature alienated from God, and that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, came to earth, the representative UNK of a new race, to die upon the cross and pay the penalty of the sin of the world, and that he who thus receives Christ as his personal Saviour is UNK again" UNK with new privileges, appetites, and UNK destined to live and grow in His UNK forever. Nor can any man save himself by good works or by a commendable UNK life", although such works are the natural fruits and evidences of a saving faith already received and naturally expressing itself through such UNK I now ever look for Christ UNK to His promises and those of the Old Testament as well, to appear again in glory to put away all sin and to reign in righteousness over the whole earth. To state fully what the Bible means as my daily spiritual food is as intimate and difficult as to formulate the reasons for loving my nearest and UNK relatives and friends. The Bible is as obviously and truly food for the spirit as bread is food for the body. Again, as faith reveals God my Father and Christ my UNK I follow without question where He leads me daily by His Spirit of love, wisdom, power and prayer. I place His UNK and His UNK above every seeming probability, UNK cherished convictions and holding the wisdom of man as UNK when opposed to Him. I discern no limits to a faith vested in God and Christ, who is the sum of all wisdom and knowledge, and daring to trust Him even though called to stand alone before the world. Our Lord's invitation with its implied promise to all is, "Come and see". I UNK at the UNK of my patient one day and UNK a very sick man in terrible pain. As I UNK to his needs, I noticed that his face was radiant in spite of his suffering and I learned that he was UNK not only in the skill of his doctor and nurse but also the UNK In his heart he had that peace of which the Lord spoke when He said, UNK I leave with you, my peace I give unto UNK not as the world UNK give I unto you. Let not your heart be UNK neither let it be UNK What a joy to realize that we, too, can claim this promise UNK by the Lord during His earthly ministry to a group of men who were very dear to Him. He was about to leave them, to depart from this world, and return to His Father in Heaven. Before He left them He promised that His peace would be their portion to abide in their hearts and minds. I praise God for the privilege of being a nurse who has that peace through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. It makes my work a great deal easier to be able to pray for the Lord's guidance while ministering to the physical needs of my patients. How often have I looked to Jesus when entering the sick room, asking for His presence and help in my professional duties as I give my talents not only as the world UNK but as one who loves the Saviour and His UNK Looking unto God, the UNK UNK wrote these blessed words almost three thousand years ago: UNK UNK keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on UNK because he UNK in UNK Are you longing for peace in your heart? Such a calm and assuring peace can be yours. As only a member of the family can share in the UNK joys of the family, likewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own. Perhaps you are not His child. Perhaps you do not know if you belong to Him. You may know that you are in God's family and be just as sure of it as you are that you belong to the family of your earthly father. UNK so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that UNK UNK in him should not UNK but have everlasting UNK and UNK many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his UNK It is to those who believe on His name and belong to Him that He gives His peace; not that empty peace the world UNK but a deep, abiding peace which nothing can UNK Why not open your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ now, accept Him as your Saviour and let Him fill you with peace that only He can give. Then, with the hymn writer of old, you can say: "I am resting today in His wonderful peace, UNK UNK in UNK control. I am kept from all danger by night and by day, And His glory is UNK my UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK what UNK Our UNK are stiff from gazing at the wonders of outer space, which have captured the imagination of the American public. Cape UNK achievements thunder forth from the UNK television, and UNK While we are filling outer space with scientific successes, for many the "inner" space of their soul is an aching void. UNK An average of 50 UNK are reported in America each UNK One out of every three or four marriages end in UNK Over UNK is paid yearly to the UNK full-time UNK in the United States by fearful mankind who want to UNK what the future UNK UNK juvenile and UNK is at an all-time UNK Further UNK Read your daily UNK Unfortunately, in our rush to beat the Russians, we have forgotten these UNK words of Jesus UNK UNK shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole UNK UNK includes outer UNK <and lose his own UNK Or what shall a man give in exchange for his UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK outer space and losing "inner" space is bad business according to God's standards. It is true that we must keep up our national defenses and scientific UNK only a fool would think otherwise. But we must not forget man's soul. Is putting a rocket in orbit half so significant as the good news that God put His Son, Jesus Christ, on earth to live and die to save our UNK UNK UNK God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that UNK UNK in him should not UNK but have everlasting UNK UNK UNK Never forget that a chain is only as strong as its weakest UNK Your spiritual "inner" space helps determine the UNK of America as a nation. We trust you are not one of the UNK Americans who do not attend church, but who feel that various forms of recreation are more important than UNK the God who made our country great. Is forgiveness of past UNK assurance of present help, and hope of future UNK in your UNK Or are you trying the UNK substitutes to relieve that spiritual hunger you feel UNK UNK fame and fortune, UNK your troubles with a drink, and UNK it up" with the gang are like candy bars when you're UNK they may ease your hunger UNK but they'll never take the place of a UNK UNK UNK So it is UNK No amount of religious ceremonies or even joining a church will relieve the UNK of your "inner" space. Why? Because your soul was made to be filled with God UNK not religious functions UNK Him. Only He can satisfy the deepest UNK That is why the Bible commands you to UNK and see that the Lord is UNK UNK UNK <is the man that UNK in UNK UNK UNK You can receive God into your heart and life by a step of personal faith. UNK the sinless Son of God, Jesus Christ, as your own personal UNK UNK many as received UNK UNK <to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his UNK UNK Lord is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? the Lord is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be UNK UNK UNK A certain teacher scheduled a UNK UNK for her fourth grade pupils. It was a session at which all the youngsters were told to express their fears, to get them out in the open where they could talk about them UNK The teacher thought it was so successful that she UNK UNK it be helpful to all age groups if they could participate in a similar UNK of their fears and UNK Dr& George W& UNK a medical UNK thinks it would. He says: "That would reduce neurotic ailments UNK Each week an estimated 20 million patients call upon us doctors. Of this number, UNK or 10 million patients have no UNK physical ailments UNK They are UNK UNK Yet they keep running from one physician to another, largely to get a willing ear who will listen to their parade of troubles. One of the most wholesome things you could schedule in your church would thus be a group UNK where people could admit of their inner UNK We are evidently trying hard to think of new ways to deal with the problem of fear these days. It must be getting more UNK People are giving their doctors a hard time. One doctor made a careful survey of his patients and the reasons for their UNK and he reported that 40% of them worried about things that never happened; 30% of them worried about past happenings which were completely beyond their UNK UNK of them worried about their health, although their ailments were UNK 10% of them worried about their friends, neighbors, and UNK most of whom were quite capable of taking care of themselves. Only UNK of the worries had behind them real causes which demanded attention. Well, most of our fears may be UNK but after you discover that fact, you have something else to worry UNK Why then do we have these UNK What is the real cause of them? What is there about us that makes us so UNK Look at the things we do to escape our fears and to forget our UNK We spend millions of dollars every year on fortune UNK and UNK We spend billions of dollars at the race UNK and more billions on other forms of UNK We spend billions of dollars on liquor, and many more billions on various forms of UNK UNK We UNK tons of UNK and UNK and sleeping UNK in order to get a moment's relief from the tensions that are tearing us apart. A visitor from a more peaceful country across the sea was taken to one of our amusement parks, and after he had seen it all, he said to a UNK "You must be a very sad people". UNK was not the right word, of course. He should have said UNK for that's what we are. And that's worse than UNK UNK people flock to amusement houses, cocktail UNK and night clubs that UNK continuous entertainment, which means an endless flow of noise and UNK by paid entertainers who are supposed to perform in those incredible ways which are designed to give men a few hours of dubious UNK watch them and you can tell that many of them are running away from something. In one of his writings UNK speaks of this mania for diversion as being a sign of misery and fear which man cannot endure without such UNK Yes, and as tension UNK in this world, fear is increasing. Does that explain why there is now such a big boom in the bomb shelter UNK We have so many new things to fear in this age of nuclear weapons, dreadful things which are too horrible to UNK I doubt that UNK UNK and UNK UNK will help very much. Suppose we do get our fears out in the open, what UNK Isn't that where most of them are UNK right out on the front page of our UNK Maybe we are talking about them too much. The question is: what are we going to do about them? Meanwhile, the enemy will capitalize on our fears, if he can. Hitler did just that 23 years ago, building up tensions that first led to a Munich and then to a world war. The fear of war can make us either too weak to stand and too willing to compromise, or too reckless and too nervous to negotiate for peace as long as there is any chance to UNK It is said that fear in human beings produces an odor that provokes animals to attack. It could have the same effect on Communists. The President of the United States has said: "We will never negotiate out of fear, and we will never fear to UNK That is a sound position, but it is important that Moscow shall recognize it not merely as the word of a president but as the mind of a free people who are not UNK And that's another reason why it is imperative for us these days to conquer our fears, to develop the UNK that promotes peace. Turning to the Word of God, we find the only sure way to do that. In UNK UNK you read those beautiful words which you must have in your heart if you are to master the fears that surround you, or to drive them out if they have you in their UNK "The Lord is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? the Lord is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be UNK Well, you say, those are beautiful words all right, but it was easy for the psalmist to sing them in his day. He didn't live in a world of perpetual UNK like ours. He didn't know anything about the problems we face today. UNK Read the next two UNK "When the UNK even mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell. Though an host should UNK against me, my heart shall not UNK though war should rise against me, in this will I be UNK That is almost a perfect description of the UNK in which we find ourselves today, isn't it? Our enemy is also threatening to UNK us. He has already UNK huge areas of the world, putting men behind concrete walls and iron UNK and barbed wire, reducing them to slavery, systematically crushing not only their bodies but their souls, and shooting them to death if they try to escape their prison. Yes indeed, we too can see a warlike host of UNK UNK against us. What a terrible thing, that UNK UNK in UNK A man with a baby in his arms stood there pleading for his wife who is on the other side with the rest of the family. Another man tried to swim across the river from the East to the West, but was shot and killed. A middle aged woman opened a window on the third floor of her house which was behind the wall, she threw out a few UNK and then UNK she was fatally injured. The entrance to a church has been UNK up, so that the congregation, most of which is in the western UNK cannot worship God there anymore. Practically everybody in Berlin has relatives and friends that live in the opposite part of the city. People stand at the wall giving vent to their feelings, weeping, UNK it with their UNK pleading for loved ones. But the enemy answers them from UNK that pour out Communist propaganda with a generous mixture of terrible UNK There is only one escape left, a tragic one, and too many people are taking it: suicide. The normal rate of UNK in East Berlin was one a day, but since the border was closed on August 13 it has jumped to 25 a UNK These things may be happening many miles away from us but really they are right next door. We are all involved in them, deeply involved. And nobody knows what comes next. We live from crisis to crisis. And there is only one way for a man to conquer his fears in such a world. He must learn to say with true faith what the psalmist said in a similar world: "The Lord is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? the Lord is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be UNK UNK that this man had a threefold conception of God which is the secret of his faith. First, "the Lord is my UNK He lived in a very dark world, but he was not in the dark. The same God who called this world into being when He said: "Let there be UNK those were His very first creative words- He began the world with UNK this God still gives light to a world which man has plunged into darkness. For those who put their trust in Him He still says every day UNK "Let there be UNK And there is UNK In fact, He came into this world UNK in the person of His Son, Jesus Christ, who stood here amid the darkness of human sin and said: "I am the light of the world: he that UNK me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life". The psalmist could say that God was his light even though he could only anticipate the coming of Christ. He lived in the UNK he could only see the light coming over the horizon. We live in the bright daylight of that great UNK for us it is a fact in history. Why should we not have the same faith, and an even greater experience of the light which it UNK This is the faith that moved the psalmist to add his second conception of UNK "The Lord is **h my UNK He knew that his God would save him from his enemies because He had saved him from his sins. If God could do that, He could do anything. The enemies at his gate, threatening to eat up his flesh, were nothing compared with the enemy of sin within his own soul. And God had conquered that one by His UNK So why worry about all the UNK The UNK Paul said the same thing in the language and faith of the New UNK "He that spared not His own Son, but delivered Him up for us all, how shall He not with Him freely give us all UNK **h If God be for us, who can be against us? **h Who shall separate us from the love of UNK shall UNK or UNK or persecution, or UNK or UNK or peril, or UNK UNK UNK 32, UNK UNK This is the key to the conquest of fear. This gets down to the heart of our problem, for it UNK us with God, whom we fear most of all because we have UNK against Him. When that fear has been removed by faith in Jesus Christ, when we know that He is our Savior, that He has paid our debt with His blood, that He has met the demands of God's justice and thus has turned His UNK away- when we know that, we have peace with God in our UNK and then, with this God on our side, we can face the whole world without fear. And so the psalmist gives us one more picture of UNK "The Lord is the UNK of my life". The word is really UNK It recalls those words of another UNK "God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea **h UNK UNK the works of the Lord, what UNK He hath made in the earth. But, again, we have no real evidence on this from that quarter until the close of the ninth century UNK when an Arabic UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK is said to have discussed the magic square of three. Thus, while it remains possible that the UNK and/or the UNK may perhaps have had the magic square of three before the Chinese did, more definite evidence will have to turn up from the Middle East or the UNK World before China can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years. #2. THE UNK UNK UNK AS AN UNK OF UNK The concept of the Middle Kingdom at peace, strong and united under a forceful UNK which had been only a UNK ideal in the time of the UNK States, was finally realized by the establishment of a Chinese Empire under the UNK UNK UNK UNK But this was only accomplished by excessive cruelty and extremes of totalitarian UNK Among the many severe measures taken by the First UNK UNK UNK in his efforts to insure the continuation of this UNK national unity, was the burning of the books in UNK B&C&, with the expressed intention of removing possible sources for divergent UNK but, as he had a special fondness for magic and UNK he ordered that books on these subjects should be spared. Many of the latter were destroyed in their turn, during the burning of the vast UNK palace some ten years UNK yet some must have UNK because the old interest in number symbolism, UNK and magic persisted on into the Han dynasty, which succeeded in UNK China and keeping it together for a longer period (from UNK B&C& to A&D& UNK In fact, during the first century B&C&, an extensive literature sprang up devoted to these subjects, finding its typical expression in the so-called UNK UNK a number of which were specifically devoted to the <Lo Shu> and related numerical UNK especially in connection with UNK However, the UNK books were also destroyed in a series of Orthodox UNK UNK which UNK in a final proscription in UNK After all this destruction of old literature, it should be obvious why we have so little information about the early history and development of the <Lo Shu>, which was already UNK UNK But, in spite of all this, enough evidence remains to show that the magic square of three must indeed have been the object of a rather extensive UNK or series of UNK reaching fullest expression in the Han period. Although modern scholars have expressed surprise that "the simple magic square of UNK a mere UNK UNK was able to exert a considerable influence on the minds and UNK of the cultured Chinese for so many centuries, they could have found most of the answers right within the square itself. But, up to now, no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties, or the numerical significance of its numbers- singly or in UNK and then tried to consider these in the light of Old Chinese UNK concepts. Such an analysis UNK reveals why the middle number of the <Lo Shu>, 5, was so vitally significant for the Chinese ever since the earliest hints that they had a knowledge of this UNK The importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers- quite apart from any UNK considerations, which is to say, any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it. Indeed, mathematically speaking, it was both functionally and symbolically the most important number in the entire UNK If one takes the middle number, 5, and UNK it by 3 (the base number of the magic square of UNK the result is 15, which is also the constant sum of all the UNK columns, and two main UNK Then, if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square, through multiplying it by the highest number, 9 (which is the square of the base UNK the result is UNK and the latter is the total sum of all the numbers in the square, by which all the other numbers are UNK and in which they may be said to be UNK Furthermore, the middle number of the <Lo Shu> is not only the physical mean between every opposing pair of the other numbers, by reason of its central position; it is also their mathematical mean, since it is equal to half the sum of every opposing UNK all of which equal 10. In fact, the neat balance of these pairs, and their subtle UNK would have had special meaning in the minds of the Old UNK For they considered the odd numbers as male and the even ones as female, equating the two groups with the Yang and UNK principles in UNK and in this square, the respective pairs made up of large and small odd UNK numbers, and those composed of large and small even UNK numbers, were all equal to each other. Thus all differences were UNK and all contrasts UNK in a realm of no distinction, and the harmonious balance of the <Lo Shu> square could effectively symbolize the world in balanced harmony around a powerful central axis. The tremendous emphasis on the 5 in the <Lo Shu> UNK for purely mathematical UNK and the fact that this number so neatly symbolized the heart and center of the universe, could well explain why the Old Chinese seem to have so revered the number 5, and why they put so much stress on the concept of UNK These twin tendencies seem to have reached their height in the Han UNK The existing reverence for UNK must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B&C&, when the Han Emperor UNK UNK ordered the dynastic color changed to UNK which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five UNK and took 5 as the dynastic number, believing that he would thus place himself, his imperial family, and the nation under the most UNK UNK His immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the <Lo Shu>, but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's UNK After this time, UNK on the Han bronze UNK as well as other writings, emphasized the UNK of keeping one's self at the center of the universe, where cosmic forces were UNK Later, we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too UNK All this emphasis on UNK and on the number 5 as a symbolic expression of the Center, which seems to have begun as far back as 400 B&C&, also may conceivably have led to the development of the UNK School and the subsequent efforts to fit everything into numerical categories of UNK We find, for example, such groupings as the Five Ancient UNK the Five Sacred Mountains, the Five UNK (with UNK the Five UNK Five UNK Five UNK Five UNK Five Musical UNK Five UNK UNK Five UNK and many others. This trend has often been ascribed to the cult of the Five UNK itself, as though they had served as the base for all the UNK but why did the Old Chinese postulate UNK elements, when the Ancient Near UNK which may have initiated the idea that natural elements exerted influence in human life and activities- recognized only UNK And why did the Chinese suddenly begin to talk about the Five UNK when the animals they used as symbols of the directions designated only the usual UNK Obviously, something suddenly caused them to start thinking in terms of UNK and that may have been the workings of the <Lo UNK This whole tendency had an unfortunate effect on Chinese thinking. Whereas the primary meanings of the <Lo Shu> diagram seemed to have been based on its inner mathematical UNK and we shall see that even its secondary meanings rested on some mathematical UNK the urgent desire to place everything into categories of UNK led to other groupings based on other numbers, until an exaggerated emphasis on mere UNK UNK Chinese thought. UNK made numbered sets of as many things as possible in UNK or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things, in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright UNK and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to UNK speculative thought in China for many centuries. UNK UNK AND UNK IN THE UNK UNK SQUARE# Although the primary mathematical properties of the middle number at the center of the <Lo Shu>, and the interrelation of all the other numbers to it, might seem enough to account for the deep fascination which the <Lo Shu> held for the Old Chinese UNK this was actually only a beginning of UNK For the <Lo Shu> square was a remarkably complete UNK of most of the chief religious and philosophical ideas of its time. As such, one cannot fully understand the thought of the UNK and Han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in the <Lo UNK but, conversely, one cannot begin to understand the <Lo Shu> without knowing something about the world view of the Old Chinese, which they felt they saw expressed in it. The Chinese world view during the Han dynasty, when the <Lo Shu> seems to have been at the height of its UNK was based in large part on the teachings of the UNK and UNK School, which was traditionally founded by UNK UNK According to this doctrine, the universe was ruled by UNK UNK as a natural force, or in the UNK of a Supreme UNK governing all things by means of a process called the UNK which can be roughly interpreted as "the Order of the UNK or "the Universal UNK UNK acting through the UNK expressed itself by means of the workings of two basic principles, the UNK and the UNK The UNK or male principle, was the source of light, heat, and dynamic UNK associated with the UNK while the UNK or female principle, flourished in darkness, cold, and quiet UNK and was associated with the UNK Together these two principles influenced all things, and in varying combinations they were present in everything. We have already seen that odd numbers were considered as being UNK while the even numbers were UNK so that the eight outer numbers of the <Lo Shu> represented these two principles in balanced equilibrium around the UNK center. During the Han dynasty, another UNK conception was applied to the <Lo Shu>, considering the latter as a plan of Ancient China. Instead of linking the nine numbers of this diagram with the traditional Nine UNK as was usually done, this equated the UNK Yang numbers with mountains UNK and UNK hence UNK and the even numbers with rivers UNK and UNK hence UNK taking the former from the Five Sacred Mountains of the Han period and the latter from the principal river systems of Old China. Thus the middle number, 5, represented UNK in UNK Central China; the 3, UNK in UNK East China; the 7, UNK in UNK West China; the 1, UNK in UNK North China (or the mountain with the same name in neighboring UNK and the 9, UNK in UNK which was then the South Sacred UNK For the rivers, the 4 represented the UNK to the UNK UNK the 2, the San UNK (three UNK in the UNK UNK the 8, the UNK in the UNK and the 6, the UNK UNK River in the Northwest. Note that by Western standards this plan was UNK UNK as it put North at the bottom and South at the top, with the other directions UNK UNK but in this respect it was merely following the accepted Chinese convention for all UNK The same arrangement was used when the <Lo Shu> was equated with the Nine UNK and whenever the <Lo Shu> involved directional symbolism, it was oriented in this same fashion. Few persons who join the Church are UNK They earnestly desire to do the will of God. When they fall by the UNK and fail to achieve Christian stature, it is an UNK of the UNK These UNK are dramatic evidence of UNK UNK a failure to follow through. A program of Lay UNK Evangelism can end in dismal defeat with half the new members drifting away unless practical plans and strenuous efforts are made to keep them in the active fellowship. The work of Lay UNK Evangelism is not completed when all of the persons on the UNK List have been UNK In the average situation about one-third of those visited make commitments to Christ and the Church. The pastor and the Membership Preparation and UNK Committee UNK follow UNK immediately with a carefully planned program. The first thirty to sixty days after individuals make their decision will determine their interest and participation in the life of the Church. UNK means spiritual paralysis or death. UNK FOR UNK UNK THAT HAVE a carefully planned program of membership preparation and assimilation often keep 85 to 90 per cent of their new members loyal and active. This is the answer to the problem of UNK UNK It is important that persons desiring to unite with the Church be UNK for this experience so that it may be meaningful and spiritually significant. It is unfair and UNK to ask a person to take the sacred vows of Church membership before he has been carefully instructed concerning their implications. Preparation for Church membership begins immediately after the commitment is received. _1)_ The pastor UNK a personal UNK to each individual, expressing his joy over the decision, assuring him of a pastoral call at the earliest convenient time, and UNK the plan for membership preparation classes and Membership Sunday. Some pastors write a letter the same night the decision is reported by the visitors. It should not be postponed later than the next day. A helpful UNK may be enclosed in the letter. _2)_ The pastor calls in the home of each individual or family for a UNK guidance UNK If possible, he should make an appointment in order that all persons involved may be present. This is <not> a social call. It is definitely a UNK guidance UNK He will discuss the significance of Christian UNK the necessity of family religion and private UNK and the importance of the membership preparation UNK There may be problems of conduct or questions of belief which will require his counsel. Each conference should be concluded naturally with prayer. A piece of UNK material, such as <The Upper UNK may be left in each home. _3)_ A minimum of UNK sessions of preparation for UNK is necessary for adults. Some churches require more. None should ask less. Those who join the Church need to be instructed in the faith and the meaning of Christian UNK UNK they take the sacred UNK They will have a greater appreciation for the Church and a deeper devotion to it if membership requires something of them. Many churches find the Sunday school hour to be the most practical time for adult preparation classes. Others meet on Sunday night, at the UNK service, or for a series of four nights. Some pastors have two sessions in one evening, with a UNK period between. The sessions should cover four major areas: UNK The Christian UNK UNK History of the Church UNK UNK of Church Membership UNK The Local Church and Its Program Following each instruction period a piece of literature dealing with the topic should be handed each one for further reading during the week. This procedure is much more effective than giving out a membership UNK UNK UNK UNK MOST UNK UNK that the fourth session should take at least two hours and therefore hold it on a week night prior to Reception Sunday. In this session the persons seeking membership are provided information concerning the work of the denomination as well as the program and activities of the local church. The lay leadership of the church may be invited to speak on the various phases of church life, service opportunities, the church school, UNK men's work, women's work, youth program, social activities, and UNK The budget of the church may be presented and pledges UNK at this session. An UNK UNK or UNK UNK may be filled out by each person. (See sample on pp& UNK The fourth session may be concluded with a tour of the church facilities and UNK The social time gives an opportunity for church leaders to become acquainted with the new members. UNK UNK FOR UNK UNK IN UNK the Membership UNK Class, the pastor should plan a variety of teaching techniques in order to develop greater interest on the part of the class. The following have been found effective. _1)_ UNK the number of UNK Some churches have six or more training sessions of two hours each, generally held on Sunday night or during the week. This gives greater opportunity for the learning process. _2)_ <Use UNK for example, in discussing the Lord's UNK or church symbolism. _3)_ <Use audio-visual UNK Some excellent UNK with UNK and motion pictures may be secured from your denominational headquarters to enrich the class session. UNK UNK a UNK UNK Some new members will hesitate to ask questions UNK UNK them to write out their questions for the box. UNK <Use a UNK with assigned readings each week. UNK UNK class members for UNK on various phases of the study. UNK UNK UNK using a UNK check sheet. UNK UNK each member to write a UNK on such topics as: "What Christ Means to UNK "What the Church Means to UNK "Why Join the UNK "The UNK of Church UNK etc&. UNK UNK a series of UNK UNK to be UNK UNK UNK class members to share in an extra period of Bible UNK each week. UNK UNK each new member to bring his UNK of UNK to the Reception Service. #WHAT UNK UNK THERE IS A UNK UNK among pastors and Church leaders that all those who come into the fellowship of the Church need preparatory training, including those coming by transfer of membership. George E& UNK writes: "There is danger in trying to make admission to the Church so easy and UNK that people will scarcely know that anything has UNK People appreciate experiences that demand something of them. Those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule. For most of them, it will be their first experience in membership training, since this is a recent development in many churches. Those coming from other denominations will welcome the opportunity to become UNK The preparatory class is an introductory UNK group in which new members become acquainted with one another. It provides a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations. UNK INTO THE UNK UNK THE UNK UNK of evangelism reaches the UNK when the group of new members stands before the congregation to declare publicly their faith and to be received into the fellowship of the Church. This should be a high moment in their lives, a UNK experience. They should sense the tremendous significance of joining the spiritual succession reaching back to Christ our Lord and forward to an eternal fellowship with the UNK of the ages. Every detail of the service merits careful UNK the UNK the sermon, the ritual, the right hand of UNK the introduction to the congregation, the welcome of the congregation. This is a vital part of their spiritual growth and UNK It will help to determine the attitude of the new members toward the Church. It can mean the difference between participation and UNK spiritual growth and decay. The worship service is the natural and logical time to receive new members into the Church. The atmosphere for this momentous experience can be created most effectively through the worship experience. UNK the reception should be the UNK following the UNK _1)_ Ask the new members to meet thirty minutes before the service to complete UNK UNK and UNK UNK Some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership UNK UNK a UNK UNK for each new member. UNK plans for the entire service. _2)_ UNK a reserved section in the sanctuary where all new members may sit together. UNK may sit with them also. _3)_ UNK sponsors or Fellowship Friends to stand back of the new members in the reception service. UNK Give each new member a certificate of membership. UNK UNK each new member to the congregation, asking him to face the congregation. UNK UNK the congregation in a response of UNK UNK Have a reception for new members in the parlor or social hall immediately after the service. UNK Take a picture of the group of new members to be put in the church paper or placed on the bulletin board. UNK Have a fellowship luncheon or dinner with new members as guests. #CHAPTER 6 PLANNING FOR THE UNK AND UNK OF NEW UNK THE UNK is "the family of God". The members of the UNK are drawn together by a common love for Christ and a sincere devotion to His UNK Every member of the family must have a vital place in its life. This is no UNK experience; everyone is to be a UNK Yet the most difficult problem in the Church's program of evangelism is right at this point- helping new members to become participating, growing parts of the fellowship. Very easily they may be neglected and eventually join the ranks of the unconcerned and UNK A study of major denominational membership statistics over a UNK period revealed the appalling fact that nearly 40 per cent of those who joined the Church were UNK to the Church within seven UNK One denomination had a membership of UNK at the beginning of the period under study, and twenty years later its membership stood at UNK a net growth of only UNK Yet during the same period there were UNK UNK Another major church body had UNK members and twenty years later its membership stood at UNK During this time UNK new members were brought into the fellowship. Still another denomination had UNK members twenty years ago. During this period UNK members were received, yet the net membership now is only UNK These figures indicate that we are losing almost as many as we are receiving into membership. This problem is illustrated by the fact that many local churches drop from the active membership rolls each year as many as they receive into the fellowship. Studies of membership UNK even in some areas where population is UNK show that numbers of churches have had little net increase, though many new members were received. Something is wrong when these things happen. The local "family of God" has failed its new members through neglect and UNK for their spiritual welfare. UNK NEEDS# NEW UNK <can> become participating, growing members. But this will not happen merely through the natural process of social life. It must be planned and carefully developed. The entire membership of the local church must be UNK to their part in this dynamic process. If the church has followed the plan of cultivation of prospects and carried through a program of membership preparation as outlined earlier in this book, the process of assimilation and growth will be well under way. Those who enter the UNK UNK of the church intelligently and with Christian dedication will not so easily step through the UNK UNK because of lost interest. However, it is not enough to bring persons to Christian commitment and train them in the meaning of Christian UNK When they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians. The Church expects certain things of those who become members. The new members justifiably expect some things from their church UNK - UNK into the fellowship - UNK Christian love and understanding - UNK and challenging worship experiences - Social and recreational activities - UNK for Christian service - UNK for study of the Christian faith and the Bible - UNK prayer experiences - UNK in Christian social concerns MEN need unity and they need God. UNK must be taken neither to confuse unity with uniformity nor God with our parochial ideas about him, but with these two UNK the statement stands. The statement also points to a classic UNK The more men turn toward God, who is not only in himself the paradigm of all unity but also the only ground on which human unity can ultimately be established, the more men splinter into groups and set themselves apart from one another. To be reminded of this we need only glance at the world map and note the extent to which religious divisions have compounded political ones, with a resultant fragmentation of the human race. UNK attending the partition of India and the establishment of the State of Israel are simply recent grim evidences of the hostility such divisions can UNK The words of Cardinal Newman come forcibly to UNK "Oh how we hate one another for the love of UNK The source of this paradox is not difficult to UNK It lies in institutions. UNK require structure, form, and definition, and these in turn UNK differentiation and exclusion. A completely amorphous institution would be a contradiction in terms; to escape this UNK it must rule some things out. For every criterion which defines what something is, at the same time UNK implicitly if not UNK what that something is not. Some persons are so sensitive to this truth as to propose that we do away with institutions UNK in the present context this amounts to the advice that while being religious may have a certain UNK we ought to dispense with churches. The suggestion is naive. Man is at once a UNK animal and a UNK being. Having once committed himself to an ideal which he considers UNK he inevitably creates forms for its expression and institutions for its UNK To propose that men be religious without having religious institutions is like proposing that they be learned without having schools. Both UNK are possible UNK but practically they are impossible. As much as men intrinsically need the unity that is grounded in God, they instrumentally require the institutions that will direct their steps toward him. Yet the fact remains that such institutions do set men at odds with their fellows. Is there any way out of the UNK The only way that I can see is through communication. UNK communication need not be regarded as an unfortunate burden visited upon us by the necessity of maintaining diplomatic relations with our UNK UNK UNK it is a high art. It is the art of relating the finite to the UNK of doing our best to insure that the UNK requirements of religious institutions will not UNK God's intent of unity among men more than is UNK necessary. In a certain sense, interfaith communication UNK diplomatic communication among the UNK What are the pertinent facts affecting such communication at the present UNK of UNK I shall touch on three areas: personal, national, and UNK UNK By personal factors I mean those rooted in personality structure. Some interfaith tensions are not occasioned by theological differences at all, but by the need of men to have persons they can UNK UNK UNK and even UNK Such needs may rise to pathological proportions. Modern psychology has shown that UNK "the authoritarian UNK is "the UNK UNK in which UNK UNK UNK and UNK combine to provide a target for antagonism so indispensable that it will be manufactured if it does not exist UNK Fortunately the number of pathological UNK appears to be quite small, but it would be a mistake to think that more than a matter of degree separates them from the rest of us. To some extent the personal UNK that prejudices attempt to compensate for are to be found in all of us. UNK conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all, for they have no UNK features UNK It is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they, rather than UNK for them, that are causing the trouble, and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such UNK UNK While the personality factors that UNK interfaith conflict may be UNK nationalism is more variable. The specific instance I have in mind is the Afro-Asian version which has gained UNK only in this second half of the twentieth century. UNK from the two centuries of colonial UNK the Afro-Asian world is UNK with a nationalism that has undone UNK No less than twenty-two nations have already achieved independence since World War /2,, and the number is growing by the year. As an obvious consequence, obstacles to genuine interfaith communication have grown more formidable in one important UNK relations between Christians and UNK in these lands. UNK alone would have been able to make these difficulties UNK for Christianity is so closely tied to UNK in the minds of these people that repudiation of the one has tended automatically toward the repudiation of the other. Actually, however, this turns out to be only part of the picture. UNK has abetted not only the repudiation of foreign religions but the revival of native ones, some of which had been lying in UNK for centuries. The truth is that any revival of traditional and indigenous religion will serve to promote that sense of identity and UNK which these young nations very much need. UNK as these nations claim to UNK traditions and ways of life which constitute UNK UNK UNK for their existence, such people are inevitably led to emphasize the ways in which these traditions and ways are UNK rather than someone UNK All this works severely against the kind of UNK communication for which Christian missions stand. UNK and UNK tend to consider not only missions but the local churches they have produced as centers and agents of Western culture and ideology if not of direct political UNK The people hardest hit by this suspicion are, of course, Christians on the mainland of China. But the problem extends elsewhere. For example, in Burma and Ceylon many UNK argue that Buddhism ought to be the official state religion. In 1960 Ceylon UNK its UNK UNK UNK schools, to the UNK of most of its UNK UNK and the UNK of its UNK Roman Catholics. Again, India has imposed formidable barriers against the entrance of additional UNK and UNK UNK parties are expected to seek further action against Christians once the influence making for tolerance due to Nehru and his followers is gone. The progressive closing of Afro-Asian ears to the Christian message is epitomized in a conversation I had three years ago while flying from Jerusalem to UNK I was seated next to the director of the Seventh Day UNK world radio program. He said that on his tour the preceding year a considerable number of hours would have been available to him on Japanese radio UNK but that he had then lacked the funds to contract for them. After returning to the United States and raising the money, he discovered on getting back to Japan that the hours were no longer available. It was not that they had been contracted for during the UNK they simply could no longer be purchased for missionary purposes. It is not unfair to add on the other side that the crude and almost UNK approach of certain fundamentalist UNK toward the cultures and religions among which they work has contributed UNK to this UNK of UNK sentiment. UNK these are the groups which have doubled or tripled their missionary efforts since World War /2,, while the more established denominations are barely maintaining pre-war UNK Although I have emphasized the barriers which an aroused nationalism has raised against relations between Christians and UNK in Asia, the fact is that this development has also UNK the gulf between certain Afro-Asian religions themselves. The partition of India has hardly improved relations between UNK and UNK neither has the establishment of the State of Israel fostered harmony between UNK and Jews. #/3,# I turn finally to several theological developments. _1._ UNK UNK The modern world has been marked by progressive UNK with claims to divine sanction for the state, whatever its political form. The American Constitution was historic at this point in providing that UNK shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise UNK One of our foremost UNK David UNK UNK has gone so far as to call this provision "the greatest achievement ever made in the course of human history". The trend throughout the world's religions has been toward a recognition of at least the practical validity of this constitutional UNK UNK was created in 1947 expressly as a UNK state, but when the army took over eleven years later it did so on a wave of mass impatience which was directed in part against the inability of political and religious leaders to think their way through to the meaning of UNK for the modern political situation. "What is the UNK Charles Adams reports the UNK as asking, "in demanding an Islamic state and society if no one, not even the doctors of the sacred law themselves, can say clearly and UNK what the nature of such a state and society UNK The current regime of President UNK UNK UNK is UNK UNK And while the nation was formerly named "The Islamic Republic of UNK it is now simply "The Republic of UNK UNK trends can be noted elsewhere. The new regime in UNK is intentionally less UNK than its UNK The religious parties in Israel have experienced a great loss of prestige in recent months. During the years when Israel was passing from crisis to UNK the UNK campaign, the UNK of UNK of UNK UNK it was felt that the purpose of national unity could be best served if the secular majority were to yield to the religious parties. Now that Israel enjoys relative prosperity and a reduction of UNK the UNK are less disposed to compromise. And in this country UNK UNK UNK of the line between the UNK and secular orders during the last presidential campaign served to provide a most impressive Roman Catholic defense of the practical autonomy of both church and state. The failure at that time of the Puerto UNK bishops to control the votes of their people added a ring of good sense to Father UNK theological argument. Everywhere there seems to be a growing recognition of the fact that governments and religious institutions alike are too UNK and UNK in a word, too human- to warrant any claim of maintaining partnership with the divine. _2._ UNK UNK My father went as a missionary to China in a generation that responded to Student UNK Movement speakers who held watches in their hands and announced to the students in their audiences how many Chinese souls were going to hell each second because these students were not over there saving them. That mention of this should bring smiles to our lips today is as clear an indication as we could wish of the extent to which attitudes have changed. I do not mean to imply that Christians have adopted the liberal assumption, so prevalent in UNK that all religions are merely different paths to the same UNK UNK UNK reflects the dominant position within the World Council of Churches when he says, "We must claim UNK and finality for Christ and His finished work, but that very claim forbids us to claim UNK and finality for our understanding of it". UNK qualification on the Christian claim is of considerable significance. The Roman Catholic Church has UNK one of its priests, Father UNK for insisting that there is no salvation outside the visible church. In mentioning this under UNK UNK I do not mean to imply that Roman Catholic doctrine has changed in this area but rather that it has become clearer to the world community what that doctrine is. When they say that under no circumstances would it ever be right to UNK the termination of the human race by human action, because there could not possibly be any proportionate grave reason to justify such a thing, they know exactly what they mean. Of course, in UNK UNK in balancing the good directly intended and done against the evil UNK and indirectly done, no greater precision can be forthcoming than the subject UNK Yet it seems clear that there can be no good sufficiently great, or evil repelled sufficiently grave, to warrant the destruction of mankind by man's own action. I mean, however, that the moral theologian knows what he means by UNK He is not talking in the main about UNK risks and danger in general. He is talking about an action which just as UNK does an evil thing (and is known certainly and unavoidably to lead to this evil UNK as it UNK does some good. He is talking about double UNK of which the specific action causes directly the one and indirectly the other, but UNK UNK of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended, but still both are UNK while the evil effect is, with equal consciousness on the part of the agent, UNK to be among the consequences. This is what, in a technical sense, to "only UNK an evil result means. It means to UNK UNK and to know one is doing it, but as only a secondary if certain effect of the good one primarily does and UNK Of course, grave UNK may be imputed to the military action of any nation, or to the action of any leader or leaders, which for any supposed good UNK in UNK sense, the termination of the human race by human action. Certainly, in analyzing an action which truly faced such UNK "it is <never> possible that no world would be preferable to some UNK and there are in truth UNK circumstances in which the destruction of human life presents itself as a reasonable UNK Naturally, where one or the other of the effects of an action is UNK this has to be taken into account. Especially is this true when, because the good effect is remote and speculative while the evil is certain and grave, the action is UNK UNK if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be UNK not only must the good and the evil be UNK weighed and found UNK but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account. There must not only be greater good than evil UNK in view, but also greater probability of actually doing more good than UNK If an evil which is certain and extensive and immediate may rarely be compensated for by a UNK UNK future good, by the same token not every present, certain, and immediate good (or lesser UNK that may have to be done will be outweighed by a UNK UNK and future evil. Nevertheless, according to the traditional theory, a man begins in the midst of action and he UNK its nature and immediate UNK before or while putting it forth and causing these consequences. He does not expect to be able to UNK up all the future consequences of his action. Above all, he does not debate mere UNK and therefore, if these are possibly UNK find himself forced into UNK He does what he can and may and must, without regarding himself as lord of the future or, on the other hand, as covered with guilt by accident or UNK consequences or by results he did not UNK in the sense explained. By contrast, a good deal of nuclear UNK begins with the UNK and the UNK and not with the moral nature of the action to be UNK and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may UNK or possibly or probably result, whether by UNK doing or by UNK it finds itself driven to UNK to UNK action in politics and non-military action in military affairs, and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based. Mr& Philip Toynbee writes, for example, that "in terms of probability it is surely <as likely as UNK that mutual fear will lead to accidental war in the near future <if the present situation UNK If it continues indefinitely it is UNK a statistical UNK that a mistake will be made and that the UNK will UNK Against such a termination of human life on earth by human action, he then proposes as an alternative that we UNK at once with the Russians and get the best terms which are UNK that we deliberately UNK from comparative UNK He UNK attempts to face this alternative UNK i&e&, by considering the worst possible UNK namely, the total domination of the world by Russia within a few years. This would be by far the better choice, when "it is a question of UNK the human race to survive, possibly under the domination of a regime which most of us UNK or of UNK it to destroy itself in appalling and prolonged UNK Nevertheless, the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly UNK it is "a possible result, however UNK "the UNK and least UNK UNK "if it didn't prevail UNK would still be given the opportunity of UNK for UNK anything is better than a policy which allows for the UNK of nuclear war". If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms, then we need to submit ourselves to the following UNK UNK "Have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they UNK Thus, moral decision must be entirely deduced backward from the likely UNK it is no longer to be formulated in terms of the nature of present action itself, its intention, and UNK effect or the thing to be UNK Several of the replies to Mr& Toynbee, without conscious resort to the traditional terminology with regard to the permission of evil, succeed in restoring the actual context in which present moral and political decisions must be made, by distinguishing between choosing a great evil and choosing in danger of this evil. "It is worse for a nation to give in to evil **h than to run the risk of UNK "I am consciously prepared to run the continued risk of UNK UNK by UNK rather than accept the alternative certainty of race slavery by design. But I can only make this choice because I believe that the risk need not increase, but may be deliberately UNK UNK precautions against accidents or by limiting UNK UNK Mr& Kennan's phrase that anything would be better than a policy which led inevitably to nuclear war, he UNK says that anything is better than a policy which allows for the UNK of nuclear war". "If asked to choose between a terrible probability and a more terrible possibility, most men will choose the UNK "If **h Philip Toynbee is claiming that the choice lies between UNK and the <risk> of nuclear war, I think he is right. I do not accept that the choice is between UNK and the certainty of nuclear war". Even Professor Arnold Toynbee, agreeing with his son, does so in these UNK UNK to continuing to incur a constant <risk> of the destruction of the human race, all other evils are lesser evils **h. Let us therefore put first things first, and make sure of preserving the human race at whatever the temporary price may be". Mr& Philip Toynbee UNK at one point that UNK he shared the UNK of UNK in <Nineteen UNK UNK he believed Communism was not only evil but UNK UNK UNK then he might UNK it right to do anything rather than to take the risk of a communist world. Even a nuclear holocaust is a little less frightful to contemplate than a race of UNK humans occupying the earth until UNK No political order or economic system is so clearly contrary to nature. But one does not have to affirm the existence of an evil order UNK in that sense, or a static order in which no changes will take place in time, to be able truthfully to affirm the following UNK there has never been UNK UNK in social institutions and social relationships except in the context of some <pax-ordo> preserved by UNK or naked force. On their way to the UNK City the children of God make use of the <pax-ordo> of the earthly city and acknowledge their share in responsibility for its UNK Not to repel injury and uphold and improve <pax-ordo> means not simply to accept the UNK order and injustice that challenges it at the moment, but also to start down the steep slope along which justice can find no place UNK to stand. Toynbee seems to think that there is some other way to give justice social UNK "I would far rather die after a Russian occupation of this country- by some deliberate act of UNK than die UNK by UNK Would such an act of refusal be UNK He does not mean, in fact he addresses himself specifically to reject the proposition, that "if we took the risk of UNK a new generation in Britain would soon begin to UNK its strength in secret in order to reverse the consequences of that UNK He wants to be UNK frank and say that these UNK UNK be UNK far, far more hopeless than was the Hungarian revolution of UNK This is not a project for regaining the ground for limited war, by creating a monopoly in one power of the world's UNK of unlimited weapons. It is a proposal that justice now be served by means other than those that have ever UNK the search for it, or UNK more positive means for attaining it, in the past. "It is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the UNK that surrender could be followed by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples. Hope for the future **h would lie in the natural longing of the human race for freedom and the right to UNK This is to surrender in advance to whatever attack may yet be mounted, to the very UNK it is to stride along the steep slope UNK The only contrary action, in the future as in the past, runs the <risk> of war; and, now and in the future unlike in the past, any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will, by human action, render this planet less UNK by the human race. That is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to UNK effects, and not draw back in UNK from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities UNK or not directly morally related, to what we can and may and must do as long as human history UNK Finally, just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the UNK of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth, but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination, the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing, <by human UNK to accelerate this end. We should not allow the image of an immanent end brought about indirectly by our own action in the continuing human struggle for a just UNK order of existence to blind us to the fact that in some measure accelerating the end of our lease may be one consequence among others of many other of mankind's thrusts toward we know not what future. MUCH MORE than shelter, housing UNK social status, a sense of UNK acceptance within a given group or neighborhood, identification with particular cultural values and social institutions, feelings of pride and worth, aspirations and hopes basic to human well-being. For almost UNK of the national population discrimination in the free selection of residence casts a considerable shadow upon these values assumed as UNK by most Americans. Few business groups in recent years have come under heavier pressure to face these realities than real estate brokers and home builders. This pressure has urged UNK of the assumptions underlying their professional UNK it has sought new sympathy for the human aspirations of racial minority groups in this country. It is not surprising that, as spokesman for real estate interests, the National Association of Real Estate Boards UNK and its local associations have sought to limit and often ignore much of this pressure. How does the local realtor see himself in the context of housing restrictions based on race, religion or ethnic UNK What does he conceive his role to be in this area of social UNK What ought to be, what is his potential role as a force for constructive social UNK What social, ethical and theological insights can the church and university help him bring to bear upon his UNK Recently, a group of the faculty at UNK University's Public Affairs Center sought some answers to these questions. Several New England realtors were invited to participate in a small UNK of property lawyers, political scientists, UNK social psychologists, social UNK and UNK Here, in an atmosphere of UNK and mutual criticism, each sought to bring his particular insights to bear upon the question of discrimination in housing and the part each man present played in it. For a number of years, UNK has been drawing varied groups of political and business leaders into these informal discussions with members of the faculty and student body, attempting to explore and clarify aspects of their responsibility for public policy. This article presents our observations of that session, of the realtors as they saw themselves and as the faculty and students saw them. Such conversation quickly reveals an UNK significant ambivalence in the UNK held by most UNK Within the membership of this group, as has been found true of men in other professional or trade associations, the most ready portrayal of oneself to "the UNK is that of a neutral agent simply serving the interests of a seller or UNK and UNK between them. Professional responsibility is seen to consist largely in serving the wishes of the client fairly and in an efficient manner. But as conversation goes on, particularly among the realtors themselves, another image UNK that of considerable power and influence in the community. Obviously, much more than customer expectation is determining the UNK role. UNK are continually rendered regarding the potential UNK income, educational level and above all, racial UNK and whether these would qualify them for UNK UNK relations to other people in certain community areas. #A UNK UNK How explicit such factors have been historically is evident in any chronology of restrictive covenant cases or in a review of UNK Code of UNK Article 34 in the Code, adopted in 1924, states that "a UNK should never be instrumental in introducing into a neighborhood a character of property or UNK members of any race or UNK or any individuals whose presence will clearly be detrimental to property values in that UNK Though the reference to race was stricken by the association in 1950, being an agent of such UNK influences still appears as the cardinal sin realtors see themselves committed to UNK The rationale for this avoidance was most frequently expressed in economic terms; all feared the supposed UNK they believed would inevitably attach to any realtor who openly introduced UNK particularly Negro, peoples into UNK restricted areas. They would become tagged as men not interested in being purely real estate UNK but UNK for some kind of UNK or UNK and this was no longer to be a UNK Obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of UNK with narrow skills and UNK the effective servicing of a UNK rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work. These men- for the most part educated in our UNK New England colleges, well established financially and socially in the UNK under kindly but insistent UNK reveal little or no objective or explicit criteria or data for their generalizations about the interests and attitudes of the people they claim to UNK or about the public responses that actually follow their occasional breach of a UNK UNK This narrow UNK does not even fit the present realities of their situation, as the pressure of minorities and the power and UNK of the realtors increase. As our discussion continued, the inadequacy of the UNK UNK as an interpretation of their UNK of UNK became evident. Realtors live in their communities as specialists in a given area of work, as members of social and professional organizations, as citizens and civic leaders, as church UNK as university UNK as newspaper readers, etc&. From such communal roles the realtor finds the substance that shapes his moral understanding. It seems to us that choices exercised by realtors in moral situations center in at least three areas: (1) the various ways in which they interpret a particular social UNK (2) their pattern of involvement in the regular legal and political UNK and, most UNK (3) their interpretation of who is a UNK UNK of what it means to be a professional man in a technical, fragmented society. (1) Most of the realtors minimized their own understanding of and role in the racial issue, pleading that they only reflect the attitudes and intentions of their society. There is some reality to this; the Commission on Race and Housing concluded that "there is no reason to believe that real estate men are either more or less UNK UNK on the whole, than any other segment of the American UNK But such a reaction UNK the powerful efforts made in the past by both UNK and its local boards for the maintenance of restrictive UNK and practices. Also, it does not recognize the elements of choice and judgment continually employed. Like business and university groups generally, these men had very limited knowledge of recent sociological and psychological studies and findings that might UNK the decisions they make. UNK both generally and in this group, have invariably equated residential integration with a decline in property values, a circumstance viewed with considerable UNK Recent studies by the Commission on Race and Housing and others, however, point to a vast complex of factors that often do not warrant this conclusion. There are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated UNK without great loss of property values, the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the UNK desire for well-kept housing, privacy, etc&. Data on the decline of property values in an area after a new racial group enters it has to be assessed in terms of the trends in property values before the group comes in. Often they are able to get in only because the area is declining UNK UNK no realtor and few of the faculty present were familiar with any of the six volumes UNK by the University of California UNK that present the UNK UNK No one UNK any radical shift in this situation, but questions concerning reading UNK the availability of such data and the places where it is discussed must surely be raised. The role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration. UNK UNK however, extend beyond considerations of property values and maintenance of UNK neighborhoods. UNK of minority housing necessarily involves such basic issues as the intensity of one's democratic conviction and religious belief concerning equality of opportunity, the function and limitations of government in the securing of such equality, and the spotlight that world opinion plays upon local incidents of racial agitation and UNK UNK THE UNK OF UNK (2) Realtors realize, of course, that they are involved in an increasingly complex legal and political system that is opening up opportunities for UNK on their relation to clients as well as opportunities for UNK of their responsibility for racial discrimination in UNK On the positive side, recent Federal action has largely UNK the legal sanction so long enjoyed by the UNK position; UNK statutes in housing have now been adopted by thirteen states and, while specific provisions have varied, the tendency is clearly toward expanding coverage. Realtors in attendance at the UNK expressed interest, for example, in UNK new housing law as setting standards of equity that they would like "to have to UNK but in support of which none had been willing to go on public record. As far as they were aware, the Connecticut Association of Real Estate Boards had not officially opposed the UNK passage or UNK in its support. (This has not been the case everywhere. In 1957, the Real Estate Boards of New York City actively opposed the then pending private housing UNK law. Official UNK the bill was a UNK invasion of basic property UNK There are sins of UNK as well as UNK the attitude adopted by realtors and their associations, either negative or UNK plays a large part in the public acceptance of such measures and the degree to which they may be effectively UNK UNK opinion since the Supreme Court decision on UNK v& UNK UNK has rendered racial restrictive UNK UNK Such a decision should have placed a powerful weapon in the hands of the entire housing industry, but there is little evidence that UNK or at least their associations, have repudiated the principle in such UNK In the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing, support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of "social UNK that most realtors individually seem determined to UNK But as yet, no real estate board has been willing officially to support such laws or to admit the UNK of introducing minority buyers into all-white neighborhoods. One of the roles of the social scientist, UNK or theologian in our discussions with the realtors became that of encouraging greater awareness of the opportunities offered by the legal and political processes for the exercise of broad social responsibilities in their work. But responsiveness to these opportunities presumes that all of us judge the good as a human good and not simply as a professional, white, American good. Such judgments are meaningful only in so far as persons are members of a world, let us say a community, that embraces UNK or UNK but is also UNK richer since it is UNK That community of all creation is, then, the ultimate object of our loyalty and the concrete norm of all moral judgment. UNK discrimination is wrong, then, not because it goes against the grain of a faculty member trying to converse with a few realtors but because it goes against the grain of creation and against the will of the Creator. Thus, moral issues concerning the nature of the legal and political processes take on theological dimensions. #A UNK UNK (3) Over the years, individuals engaged in the sale of real estate have developed remarkable unity in the methods and practices employed. Most realtors and real estate brokers talk of themselves as UNK people" with the cultural and moral values held by the traditional UNK But what significance UNK to UNK beyond the narrow sense of UNK in meeting a client's stated needs as already UNK Our faculty and students pressed this issue more than any other. As a theologian in the group pointed out, a professional was, before the modern period of technical UNK one who UNK to be a bearer and critic of his culture in the use of his particular skills. If we look about the world today, we can see clearly that there are two especially significant factors shaping the future of our UNK UNK and UNK Science is placing in our hands the ultimate power of the universe, the power of the atom. UNK or the lack of it, will decide whether we use this power to build a brave new world of peace and abundance for all mankind, or whether we misuse this power to leave a world utterly destroyed. How can we have the wisdom to meet such a new and difficult UNK We may feel pessimistic at the outlook. And yet there is a note of hope, because this same science that is giving us the power of the atom is also giving us atomic vision. We are looking inside the atom and seeing there a universe which is not material but something beyond the material, a universe that in a word is not matter but music. And it is in this new vision of the atom that we find an affirmation and an UNK of our faith. UNK UNK To see this vision in perspective, we need first of all a clear idea of the magnitude of this new power from the atom. You know that I could hold right here in my hand the little UNK of uranium metal that was the heart of the bomb that dropped on Hiroshima. It was only about the size of a UNK but packed in that metallic ball there was the explosive force of 20,000 tons of UNK That is enough UNK to fill the tower of the Empire State UNK and with the availability of bombs of that size, war became a new problem. Now we might have restricted the use of uranium bombs by controlling the sources of uranium because it is found in only a few places in the world. But we had hardly started to adjust our thinking to this new uranium weapon when we were faced with the hydrogen bomb. UNK is just as plentiful as uranium is UNK We know that we have hydrogen in water; water is **f and the ~H stands for UNK there is also hydrogen in wood and hydrogen in our UNK I have calculated that if I could UNK my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body, I would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on Hiroshima. I won't try the experiment, but I think you can see that if we all knew the secret and we could all let ourselves go, there would be quite an explosion. And then think how little hydrogen we have in us compared with the hydrogen in Delaware Bay or in the ocean beyond. Salt water is still **f, the same hydrogen is there. And the size of the ocean shows us the magnitude of the destructive power we hold in our hands today. Of course, there is also an optimistic side to the picture. For if I knew the secret of letting this power in my body change directly into electricity, I could rent myself out to the electric companies and with just the power in my body I could light all the lights and run all the factories in the entire United States for some days. And think, if we all knew this secret and we could pool our power, what a wonderful public utility company we would make. With just the hydrogen of our bodies, we could run the world for years. Then think of Delaware Bay and the ocean and you see that we have a supply of power for millions of years to come. It is power with which we can literally rebuild the world, provide adequate housing, food, education, abundant living for everyone everywhere. #AN UNK UNK Now let us see where this power comes from. To grasp our new view of the atom, we have to appreciate first of all how small the atom is. I have been trying to make this clear to my own class in chemistry. One night there were some dried peas lying on our kitchen table, and these peas looked to me like a little group of UNK and I asked myself a question: Suppose I had the same number of peas as there are atoms in my body, how large an area would they UNK I calculated first that there are about an UNK atoms in the average human body; that is a figure one with 27 UNK quite a large number. Then I calculated that a million peas would just about fill a household UNK a billion peas would fill a small house from cellar to UNK a UNK peas would fill all the houses in a town of about ten thousand people; and a UNK peas would fill all the buildings in the city of Philadelphia. I saw that I would soon run out of buildings at this rate, so I decided to take another UNK the whole state of Pennsylvania. Imagine that there is a blizzard over Pennsylvania, but instead of UNK snow, it snows UNK so we get the whole state covered with UNK about four feet deep. You can imagine what it would look like going out on the turnpike with the peas UNK up against the houses and covering the UNK Pennsylvania thus UNK would contain about a UNK UNK But we still have a long way to go. Next we imagine our blizzard UNK over all the land areas of the entire UNK North America, South America, Europe, Asia, and Africa, all covered with peas four feet UNK then we have UNK UNK Next we UNK over the UNK and cover the whole earth with UNK then we go out among the neighboring UNK collect 250 planets each the size of the earth, and also cover each of these with peas four feet UNK and then we have UNK Finally we go into the UNK reaches of the UNK UNK we get 250,000 UNK we cover each of these with our blanket of peas and then at last we have UNK peas corresponding in number to the atoms in the body. So you see how small an atom is and how complicated you are. #A UNK AND UNK Now although an atom is small, we can still in imagination have a look at it. Let us focus on an atom of calcium from the tip of the bone of my finger and let us suppose that I swallow a magic UNK in UNK growing UNK I start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me. I shoot up through the roof, into the sky, past the clouds, through the UNK out beyond the moon, out among the planets, until I am over a hundred and fifty million miles long. Then this atom of calcium will swell to something like a great balloon a hundred yards UNK a balloon big enough to put a football field inside. And if you should step inside of such a magnified atom, according to the physics of forty years ago, you would see circulating over your head, down at the sides, and under your feet, some twenty luminous balls about the size of UNK These balls are moving in great circles and UNK and are of course, the UNK the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone. Since these electrons are moving like planets, you may wonder whether there is an atomic sun at the center of the atom. So you look down there and you see a tiny, whirling point about the size of the head of a UNK This is the atomic sun, the atomic UNK Even if the atom were big enough to hold a football field, this nucleus is still only about the size of a UNK It is this atomic nucleus that contains the positive charge of electricity holding these UNK charged electrons in their UNK it also contains nearly all the mass, and the atomic energy. You may ask what else there is, and the answer is UNK nothing but empty space. And since you are made of atoms, you are nothing much but empty space, too. If I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down, squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a UNK you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone, you would be smaller than the smallest UNK of dust that you could see on this piece of paper. Someone has remarked that this is certainly the ultimate in UNK At any rate, it shows us how UNK we are. UNK OF THE UNK Now this 1920 view of the atom was on the whole a discouraging picture. For we believed that the electrons UNK the law of mechanics and UNK and therefore the atom was really just a little UNK and in mechanics the whole is no more than the sum of the parts. So if you are made of atoms, you are just a big UNK and since the universe is also made of atoms, it is just a UNK And this would mean that we live in a UNK universe, governed by the laws of cause and effect, bound in chains of UNK that hold the universe on a completely predetermined course in which there is not room for soul or spirit or human freedom. And this is why so many scientists a half a century ago were UNK or UNK Then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's. A suggestion from Louis de UNK a UNK in France, showed us that these electrons are not point particles but waves. And to see the meaning of this new picture, imagine that you can put on more powerful glasses and go back inside the atom and have a look at it in the way we view it today. Now as you step inside, instead of seeing particles UNK around like planets, you see waves and ripples very much like the ripples that you get on the surface of a pond when you drop a stone into it. These ripples spread out in UNK patterns like the rose windows of a great UNK And as the waves flow back and forth and merge with the waves from the neighboring atoms, you can put on a magic hearing aid and you hear music. It is a music like the music from a great organ or a vast orchestra playing a UNK UNK melody, counterpoint symphonic structure are there; and as this music UNK and UNK there is an UNK chorus from all the atoms outside, in fact from the atoms of the entire universe. And so today when we examine the structure of our knowledge of the atom and of the universe, we are forced to conclude that the best word to describe our universe is UNK The Island of Nantucket, part of the State of Massachusetts, lies about UNK miles southeast of its mother State. Some of the Island is sand and is not suitable for living. The Island folk have their living almost entirely from summer UNK the rest is obtained from harbor UNK During about three and a half months of the year, in the summer, there are three boats that run from the mainland to the Island carrying UNK food, and UNK but the rest of the year only one boat is needed, which ties up at the mainland nights and makes the trip down to UNK in the UNK This is a fine trip, too, on a good day. With UNK UNK on one side and the open sea on the other, it makes an excellent trip of about three hours. TO WHAT extent and in what ways did Christianity affect the United States of America in the nineteenth UNK How far and in what fashion did it modify the new nation which was emerging in the midst of the forces shaping the revolutionary UNK To what extent did it UNK the morals and the social, economic, and political life and institutions of the country? A complete picture is UNK partly because of the limitations of space, partly because for millions of individuals who professed allegiance to the Christian faith data are UNK Even more of an obstacle is the difficulty of separating the influence of Christianity from other factors. Although a complete picture cannot be given, we can indicate some aspects of life into which the Christian faith entered as at least one creative factor. At times we can say that it was the major factor. What in some ways was the most important aspect was the impact individually on the millions who constituted the nation. As we have seen, a growing UNK although in 1914 still a UNK were members of churches. Presumably those who did not have a formal church UNK had also felt the influence of Christianity to a greater or less extent. Many of them had once been members of a church or at least had been given instruction in Christianity but for one or another reason had allowed the UNK to UNK The form of Christianity to which they were exposed was for some the Protestantism of the older stock, for others the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century UNK for still others, mostly of the nineteenth-century immigration, it was Roman UNK and for a small minority it was Eastern UNK Upon all of them played the intellectual, social, political, and economic attitudes, institutions, and customs of the nation. Upon most of these Christianity had left an impress and through them had had a share in making the individual what he was. Yet to determine precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of Christianity would be impossible. At best only an approximation could be arrived at. To generalize for the entire nation would be absurd. For instance, we cannot know whether even for church members the degree of conformity to Christian standards of morality increased or declined as the proportion of church members in the population rose. The temptation is to say that, as the percentage of church members mounted, the degree of discipline exercised by the churches lessened and the trend was towards conformity to the general level. Yet this cannot be UNK We know that in the early part of the century many Protestant congregations took positive action against members who UNK the ethical codes to which the majority UNK Thus Baptist churches on the frontier took UNK of charges against their members of UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK sexual UNK UNK horse racing, and failure to pay just debts. If guilty, the UNK might be excluded from membership. As church membership UNK such measures faded into UNK But whether this was accompanied by a general lowering of the moral life of the membership we do not know. What we can attempt with some hope of dependable conclusions is to point out the manner in which Christianity entered into particular aspects of the life of the nation. We have already hinted at the fashion in which Christianity contributed to education and so to intellectual life. We will now speak of the ways in which it helped shape the ideals of the country and of the manner in which it stimulated efforts to attain those ideals through reform movements, through UNK for bringing the collective life to the nation to conformity to Christian standards, and through leaders in the government. Throughout the nineteenth century Christianity exerted its influence on American society as a whole primarily through the Protestantism of the older stock. By the end of the century the Roman Catholic Church was beginning to make itself felt, mainly through such institutions as hospitals but also through its attitude towards organized UNK In the twentieth century its influence UNK as did that of the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century UNK #THE AMERICAN UNK The ideals of the country were deeply indebted to the Protestantism of the older stock. Thus UNK the most widely sung of the patriotic songs, was written by a New England Baptist clergyman, Samuel Francis Smith UNK while a student in UNK Theological UNK With its zeal for liberty and its dependence on God it breathed the spirit which had been nourished on the UNK UNK The great seal of the United States was obviously inspired by the Christian faith. Here was what was called the American dream, namely, the effort to build a structure which would be something new in history and to do so in such fashion that God could bless it. Later in the century the dream again found expression in the lines of Katherine Lee UNK UNK daughter and UNK of New England Congregational ministers, in her widely sung UNK written in UNK UNK the UNK with the words "O beautiful for UNK feet whose stern impassioned stress a UNK for freedom beat across the UNK America, America, God UNK thy every UNK confirm thy soul in self control, thy liberty in law **h. O beautiful for patriot dream that sees beyond the years UNK UNK cities UNK UNK by human tears. America, America, God shed His grace on thee, and crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining UNK The American dream was compounded of many strains. Some were clearly of Christian origin, among them the Great UNK and other revivals which helped to make Christian liberty, Christian equality, and Christian fraternity the passion of the land. Some have seen UNK and the search for Christian perfection as the UNK of the American hope. Here, too, must be placed UNK and, less obviously from Christian UNK Emerson, UNK and the UNK of Walt UNK We must also remember those who reacted against the dream as a kind of UNK among them UNK UNK and Henry James the UNK all of them out of a Christian background. UNK UNK With such a dream UNK at least in part, from the Protestant heritage of the United States and built into the foundations of the nation, it is not surprising that many efforts were made to give it concrete expression. A number were in the nature of movements to relieve or remove social ills. UNK the initiation and leadership of a major proportion of the reform movements, especially those in the first half of the nineteenth century, came from men and women of New England birth or UNK and from either UNK or Unitarian UNK Several of the movements were given a marked impetus by UNK UNK some from New England, had a larger share than their proportionate numerical strength would have UNK We do well to remind ourselves that from men and women of New England ancestry also issued the Church of Jesus Christ of UNK Day UNK the Seventh Day UNK Christian UNK the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign UNK the American Home UNK Society, the American Bible Society, and New England UNK The atmosphere was one of UNK of confidence in human progress, and of a determination to rid the world of its ills. The UNK universal disinterested UNK although holding to original sin and the doctrine of election, inspired its adherents to heroic UNK for others, looked for the early coming of the UNK and was paralleled by the confidence in man's ability cherished by the UNK Emerson, and the UNK We should recall the number of movements for the service of mankind which arose from the UNK UNK of the British UNK and the UNK of the UNK of UNK among them prison reform, anti-slavery measures, legislation for the UNK of conditions of UNK the UNK UNK and the Red UNK We cannot take the space to record all the efforts for the removal or UNK of collective ills. A few of the more prominent must serve as examples of what a complete listing and description would disclose. Several were born in the early decades and persisted throughout the century. Others were UNK Some disappeared with the attainment of their purpose. Still others sprang up late in the century to meet conditions which arose from fresh stages of the revolutionary age. #THE UNK UNK The movement to end Negro slavery began before 1815 and mounted after that year until, as a result of the Civil War, emancipation was achieved. Long before 1815 the Christian conscience was leading some to declare slavery wrong and to act accordingly. For example, in UNK the Philadelphia UNK Meeting of Friends declared that its members should UNK their slaves and in UNK it determined to exclude from membership all who did not UNK In the latter year Samuel Hopkins, from whom the UNK strain of New England theology took its name, asked the Continental Congress to abolish slavery. As we have seen, UNK early took a stand against slavery. Beginning at least as far back as UNK various Baptist bodies condemned slavery. After 1815 anti-slavery sentiment mounted, chiefly among Protestants and those of Protestant background of the older stock. The nineteenth-century immigration, whether Protestant or Roman Catholic, was not so much concerned, for very few if any among them held UNK they were mostly in the Northern states where slavery had disappeared or was on the way out, or were too UNK to own slaves. The anti-slavery movement took many forms. Benjamin UNK UNK a UNK was a pioneer in preparing the way for anti-slavery societies. It was he who turned the attention of William Lloyd UNK UNK to the subject. UNK Massachusetts born of UNK UNK UNK was by temperament and conviction a UNK UNK remembered because of his incessant advocacy of UNK and UNK UNK he also UNK a great variety of other UNK among them women's rights, UNK and justice to the Indians. UNK UNK UNK and utterly UNK in his youth a UNK UNK in spite of his friendship for the Quaker poet John UNK UNK UNK he eventually attacked the orthodox churches for what he deemed their cowardly compromising on the slavery issue and in his invariably ardent manner was UNK UNK and denied the UNK inspiration of the Bible. A marked impulse came to the anti-slavery movement through the Finney UNK Finney himself, while opposed to slavery, placed his chief emphasis on UNK but from his UNK issued much of the leadership of the anti-slavery campaign. Theodore Dwight Weld UNK was especially active. Weld was the son and UNK of New England Congregational UNK As a youth he became one of UNK band of UNK and gave himself to winning young men. A strong UNK UNK through the influence of a favorite teacher, Charles UNK another Finney UNK he devoted himself to the anti-slavery cause. A group of young men influenced by him enrolled in Lane Theological Seminary and had to leave because of their open anti-slavery position. The majority then went to the infant UNK They and others employed some of UNK techniques as they sought to win adherents to the cause. Weld contributed to the anti-slavery convictions of such men as Joshua R& UNK and Edwin M& UNK enlisted John Quincy Adams, and helped provide ideas which UNK Harriet UNK UNK UNK Tom's UNK He UNK publicity for himself and sought to avoid UNK Wendell Phillips UNK from a prominent Massachusetts family, in his teens was converted under the preaching of UNK UNK Although he later broke with the churches because he believed that they were insufficiently outspoken against social UNK he remained a UNK Christian. He was remembered chiefly for his fearless advocacy of UNK but he also stood for equal rights for women, for opportunity for the UNK and for UNK The anti-slavery movement and other contemporary reforms and UNK were given leadership and financial UNK by Arthur UNK UNK and his younger brother, Lewis UNK UNK UNK possessing unusual gifts and great personal power were transmuted at death into UNK UNK they were almost immediately UNK for these UNK even more terrible abilities. Their direct descendants inherited not only their worldly UNK but also the mandate of their UNK power as spirits in the other half of the universe. Royal UNK could be based on extraordinary worldly achievements translated into eternal UNK power. Thus, the emperor could draw on sources not available to those with less UNK UNK But this UNK was not without its weighty responsibilities. Since he possessed more power in an interdependent universe of living beings and dead spirits, the emperor had to use it for the benefit of the living. The royal ritual generated power into the other world: it also provided the living with a way to control the spirits, and bring their powers directly to bear on the everyday affairs of the world. Proper ritual observance at any level of society was capable of generating power for use in the spirit world; but naturally, the royal ritual, which provided unusual control over already UNK powerful divine spirits, was held responsible for regulating the universe and insuring the welfare of the kingdom. This is the familiar system of UNK government". The Chinese UNK by proper observance of ritual, manifested divine powers. He regulated the UNK of light and darkness, UNK and UNK which are locked in eternal struggle. By UNK the balance between them, he effected the UNK of the seasons. His power was so great that he even promoted and UNK gods according to whether they had given ear or been deaf to UNK In this system, no man is exempt from obligations. Failure in daily moral and ethical duties to one's family, outrages to community UNK any departure from rigid standards of moral excellence were offenses against the dead. And to offend the dead meant to incur their UNK and thus UNK the UNK of UNK UNK The family home was, in fact, a UNK and the daily duties of individuals were basically religious in nature. The dead spirits occupied a prominent place in every hope and in every fear. The common belief was that there existed one moral order, which included everything. The dead controlled the material prosperity of the living, and the living adhered to strict codes of conduct in order not to weaken that control. Men believed they could control nature by UNK a moral UNK If the moral code were UNK the proper balance of the universe would be UNK and the disastrous result could be UNK UNK or UNK Modern UNK have difficulty comprehending this fusion of moral and material, largely because in the West the historical trend has been to deny the connection. Living in urban conditions, away from the UNK of village UNK and the UNK of a UNK world view, the individual may find it possible, say, to commit UNK not only without personal UNK but also without suffering any adverse effects in his worldly UNK UNK action on the empirical determination of cause and effect provides a UNK and bravado that no powerful UNK ancestor could ever UNK plus the added UNK from the UNK of silent burial UNK In China, the magical system par excellence was UNK The UNK were UNK UNK who saw an UNK UNK the UNK underlying all UNK It was this UNK unity that was UNK and not its temporary manifestations in the world of reality. The UNK believed the unity could be influenced by proper magical UNK in other words, they were actually an organization of UNK Mahayana Buddhism was no exception to these prevailing magical concepts. After this form of Indian Buddhism had been introduced into China, it UNK extensive changes. During its flowering in the sixth to the eighth centuries, Mahayana offered a supernatural package to the Chinese which bears no resemblance to the highly UNK philosophical Zen UNK offered to the modern Western reader. Mahayana had UNK and magic, a UNK heavens and UNK and UNK UNK priests, monks, and UNK all of whom wielded power over souls in the other world. The UNK Mahayana UNK possessed UNK powers and UNK The Mahayana that developed in the north was a religion of UNK and coarse magic, that made the world into a huge magical garden. In its monastic form, Mahayana was merely an organization of UNK monks UNK who UNK to the Chinese faith in the UNK UNK UNK was a secular, rational philosophy, but even with this different orientation it could not escape from the ethos of a cosmic government. UNK had its own magic in the idea that virtue had power. If a man lived a classical life, he need not fear the UNK for only lack of virtue gave the spirits power over him. But let us not be mistaken about UNK UNK this was not virtue as we understand the word today, and it did not mean an abandonment of the belief in magic UNK To the UNK UNK simply meant mastery and correct observance of three hundred major rules of ritual and three thousand minor ones. UNK was synonymous with ritual UNK the mark of a true UNK To live correctly in an interdependent moral and material universe of living and dead was decisive for man's fate. This, in brief, was the historical background out of which Zen UNK UNK of Zen to the West record its UNK and recognize that Zen grew out of a combination of UNK and Indian Mahayana UNK But the UNK UNK that is supposed to result from Zen exhibits more Chinese UNK than Indian UNK he possesses magical powers, and can use them to order nature and to UNK souls. UNK of Zen to the West emphasize UNK the amount of Mahayana Buddhism in UNK probably in order to UNK the UNK magical UNK ideas with more respectable Buddhist UNK But in the Chinese mind, there was little difference between the UNK the UNK were no more metaphysical than a UNK has to be. Actually, Zen owes more to Chinese UNK than it does to Mahayana UNK The UNK UNK UNK may have derived its UNK from UNK but its psychology was pure early UNK This is well evidenced by the UNK doctrines carried over in UNK the idea of the inward turning of thought, the UNK to put aside desires and UNK so that a return to UNK peace, and UNK a union with the UNK with the UNK could be UNK In fact, the antipathy to outward ceremonies hailed by modern UNK as so uniquely characteristic of the UNK UNK UNK was a feature of UNK So, too, was the insistence on the UNK of the external world, and the ideas that language and things perceived by consciousness were poor substitutes indeed for immediate perception by pure, UNK UNK the opposition of pure consciousness to UNK consciousness. Zen maintains that UNK things are only the surface of experience. One of its features attractive to the West is its UNK for tradition and UNK and for sacred UNK One UNK is supposed to have relegated sacred UNK for use in an UNK But this is not the spirit of self-reliant freedom of action for which the UNK mistakes it. It is simply that in UNK UNK as in all good UNK books, words, or any other manifestations that belong to the normal state of consciousness are considered only the surface of experience. The UNK the Eternal UNK is not UNK by words. UNK is considered not only irrelevant to the acquisition of higher knowledge, but a positive UNK The technique of reality UNK the use of paradox and UNK to shake the mind's grip on UNK originated with fourth and third century B&C& Chinese UNK the UNK is not basically a new device. It is important for an understanding of Zen to realize that the esoteric UNK of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the common man. In the supernatural atmosphere of cosmic government, only the ruling elite was ever concerned with a UNK ordering of UNK popular religion aimed at more personal benefits from magical powers. And this is only UNK witness the haste with which modern man UNK the latest UNK UNK Early Chinese UNK was theoretically aimed at a mystic UNK union with the UNK personal salvation being achieved when the mystical UNK united with divine UNK But this esoteric doctrine was lost in the shuffle to acquire special powers. The UNK UNK in fact, to UNK influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor manifested his power. Thus, the Mahayana UNK of mystical union for salvation was distilled down to a bare UNK and for this reason, the mystic in Asia did not long remain in isolated UNK As the Zen literature UNK as soon as an early Zen master attained fame in UNK he was called out into the world to exercise his powers. The early UNK masters attracted disciples because of their presumed ability to perform UNK UNK of Zen often insist that very early Zen doctrine opposed the UNK UNK of China, and proposed instead a more mature, less UNK view of the universe. In support of this, stories from the early literature are cited to show that Zen attacks the idea of supernatural power. But actually these accounts reveal the supernatural powers that the masters were in fact supposed to UNK as well as the extreme degree of popular UNK UNK Pah UNK UNK one day going up Mount UNK UNK **h which was believed to have been inhabited by UNK with supernatural powers, met with a monk whose eyes emitted strange light. They went along the pass talking with each other for a short while until they came to a river roaring with UNK There being no bridge, the master had to stop at the UNK but his companion crossed the river walking on the water and beckoned to Hwang Pah to follow him. UNK Hwang Pah said: "If I knew thou art an UNK I would have doubled you up before thou got over UNK The monk then understood the spiritual attainment of Hwang UNK and praised him as a true UNK UNK A second tale shows still more clearly the kind of powers a truly spiritual monk could UNK "On one occasion Yang UNK UNK saw a stranger monk flying through the air. When that monk came down and approached him with a respectful UNK he asked: "Where art thou UNK UNK this UNK replied the other, "I set out from UNK UNK said the teacher, UNK thou so UNK "I UNK responded the man, UNK times to look at beautiful UNK UNK UNK have supernatural UNK exclaimed Yang UNK UNK thou must give back the Spirit of Buddha to me". Then the monk praised Yang UNK saying: "I have come over to China in order to worship UNK and met unexpectedly with Minor UNK and after giving the master some palm leaves he brought from India, went back through the air. UNK In the popular Chinese mind, UNK UNK was no exception to the ideas of coarse magic that dominated. A closer look at modern Zen reveals many magical UNK that are still part of popular Zen attitudes. To the Zen monk the universe is still populated with UNK UNK who have to be UNK Part of the UNK ritual in the UNK consists in UNK of rice to the spiritual UNK Modern Zen presentation to the West insists on the UNK highly pragmatic nature of the Zen UNK UNK are burned to make fire, action is based on direct UNK and so on. This picture of extreme self-reliant UNK is difficult to reconcile with such UNK formulas as: "O you, demons and other spiritual beings, I now offer this to you, and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed UNK UNK Pope Leo UNK on the 13th day of December UNK granted the following UNK "An indulgence of three hundred days is granted to all the UNK who read the Holy UNK at least a quarter of an hour. A UNK UNK under the usual conditions is granted once a month for the daily UNK Pope UNK the UNK at Rome, in UNK UNK wrote the following: "The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy UNK For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone, to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine, to UNK errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times". The American UNK assembled at the Third UNK Council of Baltimore urged the Catholic people to read the Holy Bible. "We UNK they said, "that no family can be found amongst us without a correct version of the Holy UNK They UNK also, that "at a fixed hour, let the entire family be assembled for night UNK followed by a short reading of the Holy UNK Since the Catholic Church expresses such desire that the Sacred UNK be read, the following taken from the Holy Bible UNK Catholic UNK will prove a means of grace and a source of great spiritual blessing. #THE NEED OF THE NEW BIRTH# Do not wonder that I said to thee, "You must be born again". St& John UNK _THE NEW BIRTH IS NECESSARY BECAUSE GOD IS UNK But as the One who called you is holy, be you also holy in all your UNK for it is written, You shall be holy, because I am UNK /1, St& Peter UNK 16. UNK without which no man will see God. UNK UNK _THE NEW BIRTH IS NECESSARY BECAUSE ALL HAVE UNK As it is written, There is not one just man; there is none who UNK there is none who seeks after God. All have gone astray together; **h All have UNK and have need of the glory of God. Romans UNK 23. _THE NEW BIRTH IS NECESSARY BECAUSE THE UNK MAN IS UNK UNK AND UNK Therefore as through one man sin entered into the world and through sin death, and thus death has passed unto all men because all have UNK Romans UNK You also, when you were dead by reason of your offenses and sins. Ephesians UNK And if our gospel also is UNK it is veiled only to those who are UNK In their case, the god of this world UNK has UNK their UNK minds, that they should not see the light of the gospel of the glory of Christ, who is the image of God. /2, UNK UNK 4. For his workmanship we are, created in Christ Jesus. Ephesians UNK _THE NEW BIRTH IS UNK UNK THE UNK OF UNK For you have been UNK not from corruptible seed but from UNK through the word of God. /1, St& Peter UNK Of his own will he has begotten us by the word of truth. St& James UNK UNK amen, I say to thee, unless a man be born again of water UNK of the Word of God, see Ephesians UNK and the UNK he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. St& John UNK 6. UNK OF THE NEW BIRTH# _IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE HAVE UNK IN UNK AS THE ONLY UNK Everyone who believes that Jesus is the Christ is born of God. /1, St& John UNK As many as received him **h were born **h of God. St& John UNK 13. _IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE DO NOT UNK UNK AS A UNK UNK is born of God does not commit sin UNK is, he does not practice sin. UNK /1, St& John UNK /1, St& John UNK We know that no one who is born of God UNK sin. /1, St& John UNK UNK new nature, received at the time of UNK is divine and holy, and as the believer lives under the power of this new nature he does not practice UNK _IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE UNK UNK If you know that he UNK is just UNK know that everyone also who does what is just UNK has been born of him. /1, St& John UNK _IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE LOVE UNK Everyone who loves is born of God, and knows God. /1, St& John UNK _IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE LOVE THE UNK We know that we have passed from death to life, because we love the UNK He who does not love UNK in death. /1, St& John UNK _IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE UNK THE UNK All that is born of God overcomes the world; and this is the victory that overcomes the world, our faith. /1, St& John UNK _IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE UNK IN UNK UNK BUT UNK UNK But grow in grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. /2, St& Peter UNK _IF WE ARE BORN OF GOD WE UNK UNK THE UNK I am convinced of this, that he who has begun a good work in you will bring it to perfection until the day of Christ Jesus. UNK UNK Now to him who is able to preserve you without sin and to set you before the presence of his UNK without UNK in UNK to the only God our Savior, through Jesus Christ our Lord, belong glory and UNK dominion and authority, before all time, and now, and forever. St& UNK UNK _THE NEW BIRTH IS NECESSARY BECAUSE THE UNK UNK UNK A UNK UNK Jesus answered and said to him UNK "Amen, amen, I say to thee, unless a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God". **h "Amen, amen, I say to thee, unless a man be born again of water and the UNK he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. Do not wonder that I said to thee, 'You must be born UNK St& John UNK UNK #THE UNK OF THE NEW BIRTH# _THE NEW BIRTH IS A NEW UNK For in Christ Jesus neither UNK nor UNK but a new creation is of any account. UNK UNK If then any man is in Christ, he is a new creature UNK "He is a new UNK the former things have passed away; UNK they are made UNK /2, UNK UNK For by grace you have been saved through UNK and that not from UNK for it is the gift of God; not as the outcome of works, lest anyone may UNK For his workmanship we are, created in Christ Jesus. Ephesians UNK _THE NEW BIRTH IS THE UNK OF A NEW UNK I came that they may have life. St& John UNK He who has the Son has the life. He who has not the Son has not the life. /1, St& John UNK He who believes in the Son UNK Christ, the Son of UNK has everlasting life. St& John UNK _THE NEW BIRTH IS THE UNK OF THE UNK UNK Through which he has granted us the very great and precious UNK so that through them you may become UNK of the divine nature. /2, St& Peter UNK _THE NEW BIRTH IS UNK UNK IN YOU BY UNK Christ in you, your hope of glory. UNK UNK It is now no longer I that live, but Christ lives in me. And the life that I now live in the flesh, I live in the faith of the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself up for me. UNK UNK To have Christ dwelling through faith in your hearts. Ephesians UNK _THE NEW BIRTH IS UNK AND UNK The wind blows where it will, and thou UNK its sound but UNK not know where it comes from or where it goes. So is everyone who is born of the UNK St& John UNK _THE NEW BIRTH IS UNK AND UNK UNK amen, I say to you, he who hears my word, and believes him who sent me, has life UNK and does not come to judgment, but has passed from death to life. St& John UNK #THE UNK OF THE NEW BIRTH# _THE NEW BIRTH IS A WORK OF UNK But to as many as received him he gave the power of becoming sons of God; to those who believe in his name: Who were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. St& John UNK 13. #A UNK UNK You may be very religious, a good church member, an UNK honest and sincere UNK you may be UNK UNK UNK and UNK you may attend mass, do UNK say prayers and UNK keep all the UNK and ceremonies of the church; you may have the final and extreme UNK but if you are not born again you are lost and headed for hell and eternal punishment. You cannot be UNK you cannot go to heaven unless you are born again. Our blessed Lord Jesus Christ, the sinless Son of God, who could not UNK said, "Amen, amen, I say to thee, unless a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God" UNK John UNK "You must be born again" UNK John UNK Being convinced that salvation is alone by accepting Christ as UNK and being convicted by the Holy Spirit of my lost condition, I do UNK of all effort to be saved by any form of good works, and just now receive Jesus as my personal Saviour and salvation as a free gift from Him. YOU MAY DO AS YOU UNK with God now. It is permitted. God placed UNK in men's hands when He sent Jesus Christ into the world as perfect God and perfect Man in one UNK He was then in man's hands. They cursed Him. It was permitted. Men spit on Him. God allowed it. They called Him a UNK God withheld His wrath. Finally men arrested Him, gave Him a mock trial, UNK Him, nailed Him on a cross and hung Him between earth and UNK and God allowed it. You can do likewise though Christ is not bodily present. You can ignore Him. You can ignore His Book, the Bible, and His church. You can laugh at His UNK salvation, curse His followers, and laugh at hell. It is permitted. The eternal Christ may knock at your UNK door, calling you to give up sin and prepare for heaven. You may refuse Him, spit on Him, call Him a UNK curse Him. It is permitted. You may take His name upon your lips in UNK and UNK if you so choose. He is in your UNK <now>. On the other hand, you may seek His favor, humble yourself before Him and beg His UNK UNK His forgiveness, UNK your UNK and abandon your whole life to Him. He has said, UNK I stand at the door, and UNK if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will UNK with him, and he with UNK UNK UNK The choice is up to you. The UNK is on your side of the door. The choice is UNK the UNK and UNK of this world or quiet communion with God; the ever burning UNK of the flesh or the powerful victory of Holy Spirit discipline. The choice is UNK God is in your hands, <now>. God has already set the day when UNK will be in His UNK What He does with you <then> depends on what you do with Him <now>. UNK it will be a UNK thing to fall into the hands of the living God" if you have abused Him in your hands. I am a UNK my name is UNK this issue that you are reading marks my 15th anniversary. When I came into being, 15 years ago, I had one primary purpose: to help men and women everywhere to know God better, and through knowing Him better to become happier and more effective people. That purpose has never changed. When you read me, you are holding in your hands the product of many minds and hearts. Some of the people who speak through my pages are UNK others unknown. Some work with their hands. Some have walked through pain and sorrow to bring you their message of hope. Some are so filled with UNK for the gift of life and the love of God, that their joy UNK out on the paper and UNK the lives of thousands whom they have never known, and will never see. Fifteen years ago, there were no Guideposts at all. This month a million Guideposts will UNK all over the world. Experts in the publishing field consider this UNK They do not understand how a small magazine with no advertising and no UNK sale could have achieved such a following. To me, the explanation is very simple. I am not doing anything, of myself. I am merely a channel for **h UNK What is this UNK I cannot define it UNK It is the force in the universe that makes men love UNK even when they turn away from it. It is the power that holds the stars in their UNK but allows the wind to bend a blade of grass. It is the whisper in the heart that urges each one to be better than he is. It is mankind's UNK yearning for a world of justice and peace. All things are possible to God, but He UNK UNK to work through people. Sometimes such people sense that they are being used; sometimes not. Fifteen years ago, troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world, a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women, regardless of UNK or color, could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living. The businessman was Raymond UNK The minister was Norman Vincent UNK Neither had any publishing experience, but they had faith in their idea. They borrowed a UNK raised about $2,000 in UNK hired a secretary, persuaded a couple of young men to join them for almost no pay **h and began mailing out a collection of UNK UNK that they called Guideposts. UNK to the big, established magazines, my first efforts seemed feeble indeed. But from the start they had two important UNK sincerity and realism. The people who told the stories were UNK And the stories they told were true. For example, early in my life, when one of my editorial workers wanted to find out how churches and philanthropic organizations met the needs of New York's UNK he didn't just ask questions. Len LeSourd went and lived in the slums as a sidewalk UNK for ten days. That was nearly 13 years ago. Len LeSourd is my executive editor today. Many of you are familiar, I'm sure, with the story of my early UNK the fire in January, 1947, that destroyed everything- even our precious list of UNK The help and sympathy that were forthcoming from everywhere. The crisis later on when debts seemed about to UNK me. That was when a remarkable woman, UNK UNK came to my UNK not so much with money, as with wisdom and UNK "You're not living up to your own UNK she told my discouraged people. "You're so preoccupied that you've let your faith grow UNK What do you UNK a hundred thousand UNK UNK them, then, believe you are getting them, and you UNK have UNK And the 100,000 subscribers became a reality. And then UNK And now a million January Guideposts are in circulation. With our growth came expansion into new fields of service. Today more than a thousand industries distribute me to their employees. They say all personnel have spiritual needs which Guideposts helps to meet. Hundreds of civic clubs, business firms and individuals make me available to school teachers throughout the land. They say it helps them bring back into schools the spiritual and moral values on which this country was built. Thousands of free copies are sent each month to UNK in the Armed Forces, to prison libraries and to hospitals everywhere. UNK people say I am easy to UNK and read. Three years ago it became possible to finance a UNK edition for blind readers. Throughout these exciting years I have been fortunate for, although I have never offered great financial UNK talent has found its way to UNK William UNK who so UNK UNK business UNK John Beach who guides UNK Irving UNK and Nelson Rector who travel widely calling on business firms. UNK for the best in spiritual stories, my UNK editors cover not only the country, but the whole world. Glenn UNK has been twice to Africa, once spending a week with Dr& Albert UNK Last summer John and Elizabeth UNK were in UNK Van UNK recently returned from Russia. Twice a month the editorial staff meets in New York for an early UNK then a long evening of UNK Around the table sit Protestant, Catholic, and Jew. Each contributes something UNK and something UNK Ruth UNK her wide experience in church work; Sidney UNK years of experience as a New York UNK Catherine Marshall LeSourd the insight that has made her books world-famous and Norm UNK the keen perception of an advertising executive. There are people who travel long distances to assure my continued existence. Elaine St& Johns may fly in from the West Coast for the editorial staff meetings. UNK Jones gets up every morning at five UNK UNK his family cow, attends to farm UNK and then takes a two-hour train trip to New York. Arthur Gordon comes once a month all the way from Georgia. We have also seen the power of faith at work among us. UNK UNK who handles all the UNK that we UNK answering each letter personally, has the serene UNK that comes from UNK she has had many major operations, and now gets about in a limited way on UNK and UNK Recently, John UNK was stricken with one of the UNK forms of cancer. We prayed for John, during UNK we asked others to UNK all over the country a massive shield of prayer was thrown around him. Today the cancer is gone. Perhaps it is not fair to mention some people without mentioning all. But, you see, those who are not mentioned will not resent it. That is the kind of people they are. Perhaps you think the editorial meetings are solemn affairs, a little UNK Not so. UNK yes, but also much laughter. UNK division of opinion, too, and strenuous UNK There are UNK searches for the right word, the best phrase, the most helpful idea. And there is also something intangible that UNK around the table. A good word for it is fellowship. A shorter word is love. Each meeting starts with a prayer, offered spontaneously by one member of the group. It takes many forms, this prayer, but in essence it is always a request for guidance, for open minds and gentle UNK for honesty and sincerity, for the wisdom and the insights that will help UNK readers. For you, readers, are an all-important part of the spiritual experiment that is Guideposts. I need your support, your criticism, your UNK your UNK I am a UNK my name is Guideposts. My message, today, is the same as it was 15 years ago: that there is goodness in people, and strength and love in God. May He bless you all. UNK was filled with an excitement which you could see in the brightness of men's eyes and hear in the pitch of their voices. The hated dictator Batista had fled. UNK flew from lip to lip that Fidel Castro was on his way to Havana, coming from the mountains where he had fought Batista for five years. Already the city was filled with UNK the bearded, UNK UNK carrying UNK waving to the crowds that lined the UNK And then Castro himself did come, bearded, UNK yet if you looked closely you'd see that his eyes did not pick up the smile on his lips. At first I was happy to throw the support of our newspaper behind this man. I am sure that Castro was happy, too, about that support. UNK de la UNK was the oldest and most influential paper in Cuba, with a reputation for speaking out against UNK My grandfather had been UNK because of his UNK My own earliest memories are of UNK my three brothers and I were taken often to the United States "to visit UNK while my father stayed on to fight the dictator UNK When it was my turn, I, too, printed the truth as I knew it about UNK and UNK to see his regime UNK None of us was aware that the biggest fight was still ahead. I was full of hope as Fidel Castro came into Havana. Within a week, however, I began to suspect that something was wrong. For Castro was bringing Cuba not freedom, but hatred. He spent long hours before the ~TV spitting out promises of revenge. He showed us how he dealt with his UNK he executed them before ~TV UNK On home sets children were watching the death UNK of men who were shot before the UNK the firing wall. Castro's UNK He seemed bent on coupling them with UNK New schools were UNK but with this went a harsh UNK any academic degree earned during Batista's regime was invalid. Economic UNK He had promised cheaper UNK arbitrarily he cut all rents in half, whether the landlord was a UNK UNK or a widow whose only income was the rental of a spare room. Under another law, hundreds of farms were UNK Farm workers had their wages cut almost in half. Of this, only 50 cents a day was paid in cash, the rest in script usable only in UNK UNK A suspicion was growing that Fidel Castro was a UNK In my mind, I began to UNK his use of hate to gain UNK his People's UNK his division of society into two classes, one the hero, the other the UNK But most disturbing of all were the advisers he called to sit with him in the UNK many came from Communist countries. What should I do about it, I asked UNK I had watched Castro handling his enemies before the UNK There was no doubt in my mind that if I crossed him, mobs would appear outside our windows shouting UNK UNK **h" What should I do? I was proud of the new buildings which housed UNK now: the UNK UNK behind glass UNK the UNK and UNK of our new UNK Here was a powerful, ready-made medium, but it could speak only if I told it to. Then one day, early in January, 1960, I sat down at my desk, and suddenly I was aware of the UNK It was a simple ivory UNK which my mother had given me. I had mounted it on UNK and hung it over my desk to remind me always to use the power of the paper in a Christian manner. Now it seemed almost as if Jesus were looking down at me with sadness in His eyes, saying: "You will lose the paper. You may lose your life. But do you have any UNK I knew in that moment that I did <not> have any choice. From that day on I began to write editorials about the things I did not think correct in Fidel Castro's regime. @ Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want UNK to UNK all those old barbell UNK because UNK UNK your UNK **h or because childish UNK from his UNK like UNK **h UNK Mr& America **h UNK gonna do with all those muscles (of which he has none at the UNK After all, a UNK UNK have a little UNK Therefore it's a genuine pleasure to tell you about an entirely happy bodybuilder who has <never> had to train in secret **h has <never> heard one unkind word from his parents **h and <never> has been UNK by his UNK This happy, always smiling lad with the sunny disposition is our new UNK Mr& UNK Henri de UNK Far from discouraging UNK his parents urge him on to greater and greater accomplishments. Instead of UNK him to let the weights alone they personally took him to that master Montreal UNK authority, Professor Roland UNK And they couldn't have UNK Henri to better hands because UNK UNK knows his muscles from the UNK UNK of the neck right down to the UNK UNK of the leg **h and better still, he knows just what exercises work best for them and what Weider principles to combine them with for fast, UNK muscle growth. That's because the good professor teaches only Weider methods at his famous Montreal Health UNK which is located at UNK Mt& Royal East in UNK Undoubtedly you have read the case histories of some of his UNK pupils UNK pupil has a UNK title of some kind or UNK There's UNK UNK who is our newest <Mr& UNK **h UNK UNK whose story appeared here two issues ago **h Jack UNK who was with us last month **h Charles UNK who recently won the "Most UNK UNK subdivision award in the {Mr& UNK event **h and a host of others. UNK **h the professor knows his UNK Now when Henri was just 12 he was only UNK 10'' tall and weighed an astounding 72 pounds, and his greatest desire was to pack on some weight. About that time he began reading {Mr& UNK and UNK UNK and he learned of the famous Weider way to fast weight UNK Seeing so many illustrations and reading so many UNK to the value of UNK and UNK those two UNK Weider food supplements, he decided to try them and see what they could do for him. Well, UNK **h they did real UNK For in almost less time than it takes to tell it, UNK UNK was increasing rapidly. Of course he did some exercising **h he's crazy about water skiing and swimming and this vigorous exercise in conjunction with the added food UNK packed pounds of solid muscle on his UNK frame. Henri has always had UNK legs from swimming and water skiing and really doesn't have to work them very much. But he was totally dissatisfied with his upper body. It was muscular but it wasn't UNK "A real UNK UNK says UNK "It never seemed to widen **h it just got longer and longer". That's when he went to Professor UNK And at once Claude saw what the trouble was and he knew just how to correct it. In his UNK the professor has some of the most UNK out" equipment since Vic UNK Mr& Claude is a specialist in torso development and he has long favored the UNK Weider UNK UNK technique in which one exercise of the Super-Set is a UNK or UNK movement which UNK one sector of a muscle group in a specific way, followed by a UNK exercise which works the opposing sector of the same muscle group. So right away Claude introduced Henri to his famous UNK bench and proceeded to teach him his first Push-Pull Super-Set consisting of the UNK UNK UNK (the "pull" part of the Push-Pull UNK which dramatically UNK the UNK and strongly affects the muscles of the upper back and chest **h and the UNK Bench Press which specifically works on the chest to build those wide, UNK UNK UNK while stimulating the upper UNK and UNK UNK As you can see, in this Push-Pull UNK Set the entire UNK area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises **h so the complete torso remains UNK all the UNK Now when Henri has completed four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No& 1, the professor allows him about a UNK rest period before starting him on four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No& 2. Super-Set No& 2 is made up of similar UNK but this time done with UNK and using both UNK and flat UNK The UNK exercise of this Push-Pull Super-Set is the Bench Press done with UNK well pulled back and with a greater downward stretch of the UNK not possible with the barbell UNK You need the barbell variation to build width and mass in the UNK **h the UNK variation develops a most UNK sculptured outline to the UNK The "pull" exercise in this Super-Set is the UNK UNK UNK UNK how strongly the upper UNK and UNK are worked in this fine exercise because of the UNK concentration of force which the UNK variation UNK In the third Push-Pull Super-Set the UNK exercise is the UNK UNK Between UNK while the "pull" exercise is the Moon Bench UNK UNK with bent arms. The UNK done in this manner is the greatest UNK UNK ever UNK This is true UNK if a very wide grip is used and UNK when the UNK possible UNK is achieved. You'll know when you've made the greatest stretch because your shoulder blades will UNK As you see, the professor has designed a piece of apparatus that UNK the bodybuilder to use a UNK grip **h he has UNK he just can't do anything about it at UNK But as you can also see, it's not a painful exercise at all, because Henri de UNK the UNK UNK looks as though he were having the time of his UNK The last exercise of Roland UNK prescribed program for Henri is a single exercise, done in individual sets with a bit longer pause between sets. By this time UNK entire UNK area is UNK to almost bursting point, and Claude takes time to do a bit more UNK UNK shaping work. He has Henri do from four to six sets of the UNK Bench Press UNK the high UNK This gives a wide UNK to the UNK causing them to flow dramatically upward into UNK and dramatically downward into the UNK and UNK This is the kind of chest that invariably wins contests **h that UNK UNK UNK looks of the great champions. So with four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No& 1, four of No& 2, four of No& 3 and four to six sets of the UNK Bench UNK you can see that Henri de UNK has had a terrific UNK UNK UNK workout that cannot be improved upon. @ UNK contests are rarely won on muscle size alone **h UNK still is a <Mr& UNK or <Mr& UNK of true UNK UNK The aspects of physical development that catch the UNK eyes and which rightfully influence their decisions are symmetry and that UNK of the true UNK UNK UNK of the muscles. Now UNK definition is one thing that all of us can acquire with occasional UNK UNK UNK UNK But UNK UNK that dramatic muscular separation of every muscle group that seems as though it must have been carved by a UNK UNK is something quite different. This comes not alone from UNK UNK training, but from certain UNK exercises which the champion selects for himself with the knowledge of exactly what works best for <him>. Often these exercises work well for some UNK but less UNK for others. Because they are UNK exercises and have but a limited appeal they soon find themselves in the UNK of the forgotten. Only when the newest <Mr& UNK or <Mr& UNK UNK them and puts them into practice are we UNK with them and once again see how effective they really are. The exercise I shall discuss in this- the first of a new series of articles on muscle UNK of a particular body UNK is the One Leg UNK Why it was ever forgotten for even a moment I cannot say because it works perfectly for UNK no matter whether he has short or long UNK UNK It is the one exercise that drastically influences the definition of the UNK at the UNK that mark of the champion that sets him apart from all other UNK **h a criterion of muscle UNK that is UNK to judges and audiences alike **h the UNK of muscular development that wins UNK UNK of the UNK at the UNK part is quite commonly seen in most championship Olympic lifters which is easily understandable. The One Leg UNK is a UNK and all lifters practice this in their regular UNK But for purely definition UNK used in conjunction with your regular UNK Leg UNK Leg UNK UNK a heavy weight is not needed. Indeed, a lighter weight works much better because a greater, more extensive split can be performed. UNK in several sets of high UNK once or twice each week it will not be long before your entire upper leg takes on a UNK definition in which the muscles look like wire UNK UNK and twisting under the UNK UNK there is no reason why this fine exercise should not find its way into your leg program at all times, for the following suggestions show why it is so UNK _1._ It's a UNK thigh UNK exercise. _2._ It places terrific tension on the leg muscles from start to finish of each repetition. _3._ It improves over-all balance and control for the UNK and helps to make UNK more easily and more correctly performed. _4._ It increases flexibility of the UNK _5._ It speeds muscle growth and power development even for the UNK bodybuilder because each hip and leg is exercised UNK thus enabling a UNK concentrated effort to be focused on each. You'll need your Weider Power UNK for this fine exercise and UNK the way it's UNK _1._ Place your Power UNK in position and adjust their height so that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy UNK _2._ Place a UNK barbell across them; grasp the bar (which will rest against the back of your UNK extend your feet forward and backward until you are in a deep leg split. Now raise the weight by UNK your {front} leg, UNK moving your UNK When the front knee is straight and UNK allow it to bend again until you feel the bar come lightly into contact with the sides of the Power UNK _3._ After you have taken a UNK UNK the position of your legs so that the {front} thigh of the UNK exercise is now to the UNK and the UNK thigh now to the UNK and perform the same movement in the same manner. That's the UNK UNK in a UNK You should have a couple of training partners to stand by when you make your first experiments **h just for safety. You should also begin this exercise with a very light barbell until you become accustomed to it UNK Oh, you'll UNK and weave quite a bit at first. But don't worry. Before your first training experiment has ended there will be a big improvement and almost before you know it you'll be raising and lowering yourself just like a UNK Although I suggested that you hold the bar at the UNK of the neck there's no reason why you shouldn't make some experiments with the bar held in {front} of the neck. UNK lifters and UNK lifters would both benefit enormously by practicing those variations providing that they remember to make alternate sets with the UNK and UNK leg to the UNK THE MOST UNK bed of pansies I've seen was in a South Dakota yard on a UNK day. Pansies are supposed to like it cool, but those great UNK flowers were healthy and UNK in the glaring sun. I sought out the UNK and asked him what he did to produce such UNK in that weather. He seemed puzzled by my question. "I just love them", he said. The more I talked with him, the more convinced I became that that was the secret of their UNK UNK Of course his love was expressed in intelligent care. He planted the pansy seeds himself, buying them from a pansy specialist. These UNK I learned, have done a great deal of work to improve the size and health of the plants and the resulting flowers. Their seeds produce vigorous blooming plants half again the size of the UNK strains. I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants. Occasionally, when he had an unusual flower that he wanted more of he UNK but pansy UNK he told me, soon UNK UNK It's best to buy them fresh from a dealer who is working to improve them. His soil was UNK UNK just prairie land, but he had UNK in compost until it was UNK UNK and UNK I UNK it and had the feeling of adequacy that comes with the right UNK UNK and body. It isn't easy to describe it, but every UNK knows it when his fingers touch such soil. Nothing is easier to grow from seed than UNK They UNK quickly, the tiny plants appearing in a week, and grow along UNK It doesn't really matter which month of the year you sow them, but they UNK best when they have a wide variation of temperature, very warm followed by cool in the same 24 hours. I like to make a UNK right in the open, though many people start them successfully in cold frames. Pansies don't have to be UNK they'd rather have things rugged, with only moderate protection on the UNK days. If you do use a cold frame be sure that its UNK is UNK For my UNK I use good garden soil with a little sand added to encourage UNK I UNK it, rake it smooth, sow the seeds and wet them down with a fog UNK Then I cover the UNK with a board. This keeps it cool and moist and protects it from birds. UNK carry away the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills UNK When the first sprinkling of green appears I remove the board. A light, porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth. I like sawdust for this, or UNK When they have 4 to 6 leaves and are UNK little plants, it's time to set them out where they are to remain. Every time you UNK a pansy you cause its flowers to become UNK The moral is: don't UNK it any UNK than you UNK As soon as they are large enough to move, I put mine 9 inches apart where they are to UNK I put a little UNK of UNK phosphate rock or steamed bone meal into each hole with the plant. That encourages UNK and the better developed the roots, the larger and more plentiful the flowers. Pansies are UNK I doubt if it is possible to UNK them. I UNK lots of compost into their UNK lacking that, UNK manure spread over the bed is fine. One year I simply set the plants in the remains of a compost UNK to which a little sand had been added, and I had the most beautiful pansies in UNK or any of my UNK experience. In addition to the rich soil they benefit by UNK of manure water every other week, diluted to the color of weak tea. As a substitute for this, organic UNK dissolved in water to half the strength in the UNK may be used. They need UNK We put a light mulch over the UNK now we must use a heavy one. Three inches of porous material will do a good job of keeping UNK down and the soil moist and cool. When winter comes be ready with additional UNK I like hay for this and apply it so that only the tops of the plants show right after a good UNK That keeps in the cold, retains moisture and prevents the UNK of alternate freezing and UNK Don't miss the pansies that appear from time to time through the winter. Whenever there is a thaw or a few sunny days, you'll be likely to find a brave little blossom or two. If those aren't enough for you, why not grow some just for winter UNK The pansies I cherished most bloomed for me in February during a particularly cold winter. I started the seed in a flat in June and set out the little pansies in a cold frame. UNK UNK UNK would have been better, if I had had UNK The plants took zero nights in their UNK with nothing but a mat of straw over the glass to protect them. In response to the UNK days of February they UNK then bloomed their 4-inch UNK flowers. That cold frame was my morale builder; its mass of bright bloom set in a border of snow made my spirits rise every time I looked at it. Like UNK in December, pansies are far more exciting in February than in May. Try that late winter pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you feel you just can't take another day of it. The day will come, in UNK when you find your plants becoming UNK running to UNK foliage at the expense of UNK Try UNK down each separate branch to the earth, using a UNK pin to hold it there. Pick the flowers, keep the soil UNK and each of the UNK branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season. As soon as an experimental UNK assures you that roots have taken over, cut it off from the mother plant. A second and also good practice is to shear off the UNK leaving an inch high UNK with just a leaf or two on each UNK These UNK plants will UNK and blossom in record time and will behave just as they did in early spring. I like to shear half my plants at a time, leaving one half of them to blossom while the second half is getting started on its new round of UNK Probably no one needs to tell you that the way to stop all bloom is to let the blossoms go to seed. UNK UNK different from ours, is to provide for the coming generation. That done, her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant. Here is a word of advice when you go shopping for your pansy seeds. Go to a reputable UNK preferably a pansy specialist. It is no harder to raise big, healthy, blooming plants than weak, UNK little UNK in fact it is easier. But you will never get better flowers than the seed you grow. Many people think that pansies last only a few weeks, then their period of growth and bloom is over. That is not true. If the plants are cared for and protected over the winter, the second year is more UNK than the first. Would you like to grow exhibition UNK Remove about half the branches from each plant, leaving only the strongest with the largest UNK The flowers will be UNK Pansies have character. They stick to their principles, insist upon their due, but grow and bloom with dependable UNK if given it. Treat them right and they'll make a showing every month in the year except the UNK ones. Give them food, some shade, UNK water and more food, and they'll repay your UNK with beauty. A UNK WITH greens and tomato is a popular and wonderfully UNK addition to a meal, but add an avocado and you have something really UNK This delightful tropical fruit has become well-known in the past thirty years because modern transportation methods have made it possible to ship avocado anywhere in the United States. It has a great many assets to recommend it and if you haven't made avocado a part of your diet yet, you really UNK You will find that avocado is unlike any other fruit you have ever UNK It is roughly shaped like a large pear, and when properly UNK its dark green skin covers a UNK UNK pulp that has about the consistency of a ripe UNK pear, but UNK The avocado should have a UNK to it, as you hold it, when it is UNK The flavor is neither sweet, like a pear, nor tart like an UNK it is subtle and rather UNK UNK It is a flavor that might take a little getting used UNK not because it is UNK but because the flavor is hard to define in the light of our experience with other UNK Sometimes it takes several UNK of avocado to catch that delightful quality in taste that has made it such a favorite throughout the world. Once you become an avocado fan, you will look forward to the season each year with eager UNK UNK UNK AND NO UNK UNK Today, refrigerated carriers have made the shipping of avocados possible to any place in the world. The fruit is allowed to mature on the tree, but it is still firm at this point. It is brought to packing houses, cleaned and UNK as to size and quality, and packed in protective UNK The fruit is then cooled to UNK a temperature at which it UNK into a sort of UNK state. This cooling does not change the avocado in any way, it just UNK the natural softening of the fruit until a UNK temperature UNK UNK is restored. This happens on the UNK shelf or in your kitchen. One of the most attractive things about avocados is that they do not require processing of any kind. There is no UNK or UNK or UNK needed. If the temperature is controlled UNK the avocado will delay its UNK until needed. And unlike other UNK one cannot eat the skin of the UNK It is thick, much like an egg UNK skin, so that poison UNK if they are used, present no hazard to the UNK UNK AND A UNK UNK Good taste and UNK plus safety from spray UNK would be enough to recommend the frequent use of such a fruit, even if its nutritional values were UNK UNK however, are very rich in UNK Their main asset is an abundance of UNK fatty UNK so necessary for maintaining the good health of the UNK system. Aside from this, the average portion contains some protein, an appreciable amount of vitamins ~A and UNK about one-tenth of the minimum daily UNK and about a third of the official vitamin ~E requirement. The ~B vitamins are well represented, especially UNK and UNK UNK UNK and iron are present in worthwhile UNK and eleven other minerals also have been found in varying trace UNK None of these values is UNK not significantly altered by refrigeration storage. Dr& Wilson C& UNK of the UNK Administration Hospital, Coral UNK Florida, and the University of Miami School of UNK set out to discover if UNK because of their high content of UNK fatty UNK would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients. The study comprised 16 male patients, ranging in age from 27 to UNK They were put on control UNK to determine as accurately as possible, the normal cholesterol level of their blood. Then they were given 1/2 to 1-1/2 avocados per day as a substitute for part of their dietary fat consumption. UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK The tremendous energy released by giant rocket engines perhaps can be felt much better than it can be heard. The UNK vibration of energy UNK at the pit of your UNK Never before has the introduction of a weapon caused so much apprehension and fear. Nuclear weapons are UNK but the long-range ballistic missile gives them a UNK and merciless UNK which is much more UNK A great many writers are UNK by the apparently overwhelming advantage an attacker would have if he were to strike with complete surprise using nuclear UNK It is relatively easy to go a step further and reason that an UNK in possession of such absolute power, would simultaneously destroy his UNK cities and people. With a nation UNK before it, why would the attacker spare the UNK people? UNK the UNK destruction of cities and people be the logical act of complete UNK The nation would be utterly UNK The will of its people, so crucial in time of peril, would be UNK Nuclear weapons have given the world the means for UNK in hours or days; and now rockets have given it the means to destroy itself in minutes. At this point it should be painfully obvious that cities, being UNK and the people within them are ideally suited to destruction by nuclear weapons. However, because this vulnerability is UNK it is to the advantage of neither side to destroy the UNK cities, at least so long as the opponent has nuclear weapons with which to effect UNK It should be UNK apparent that UNK is not a profitable military UNK UNK have given us a capability which could be used in two different ways. They could be used to attack a nation's people (which would inevitably mean the loss of the UNK own UNK or they could be used with discrimination to destroy the enemy's military force. If our national interest lies in being able to fight and win a war rather than committing national UNK then we must take a much more penetrating look at ballistic missiles. We must determine whether missiles can win a war all by themselves. We must make certain that the aircraft is finished before we give the entire job to the missile. UNK are very valuable weapons, but they also have their too little known limitations. Because of a UNK ballistic UNK the location of a fixed target must be known quite UNK UNK missiles in submarines, on UNK railroads, UNK surface vessels and in the air provides them with passive protection by taking advantage of the UNK weakness of long-range ballistic missiles UNK the extreme difficulty of destroying a mobile or moving target with such weapons. One must first UNK a fleeting mobile or moving target, UNK that it is worthy of UNK UNK the missile to be fired against the target, UNK UNK for the UNK and UNK the missile for firing. Even if all these operations could be performed UNK the ~ICBM still has a time of flight to the target of about 30 minutes. Therefore, if the target can significantly change its location in something less than 30 minutes, the probability of having destroyed it is drastically UNK Because of this, it would appear inevitable that an increasing percentage of strategic missiles will seek UNK in UNK at least until missile defenses are perfected which have an exceedingly high kill UNK In order to destroy the enemy's mobile, moving, or imprecisely located strategic forces, we must have a hunter-killer capability <in UNK to our missiles. Until this hunter-killer operation can be performed by UNK manned aircraft appear to be the only means available to us. It seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one UNK act of burning each other's citizens to UNK we must have a manned strategic force of UNK aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us. Let us suppose the Russians decide to build a UNK ~ICBM force. It is entirely feasible to employ aircraft such as the ~B-52 or ~B-70 in hunter-killer operations against Soviet UNK missiles. If we stop thinking in terms of tremendous UNK nuclear weapons and consider employing much smaller nuclear weapons which may be more appropriate for most important military targets, it would seem that the ~B-52 or ~B-70 could carry a great many small nuclear weapons. An aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a specified geographic area of UNK provided that we had used some of our UNK to UNK Russia's air defenses before our bombers got there. The aircraft could be used to destroy other mobile, UNK and imprecisely located targets as well as the known, fixed and hardened targets which can also be destroyed by missile. Why, then, aren't we planning a larger, more important role for manned military UNK Is there any other way to do the UNK UNK of our strategic forces UNK mobile and hardened UNK hardened Atlas and UNK and airborne UNK means that it will take some time, perhaps weeks, to destroy a strategic force. War, under these circumstances, cannot be one massive exchange of nuclear UNK Forces UNK UNK a surprise attack, and these forces will give depth, or considerable UNK to the conflict. ## THE forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed. Even mobile forces must be found and destroyed. But, how does one go about the job of finding and destroying mobile UNK They are not susceptible to wholesale destruction by ballistic missile. Some day, many years in the future, true UNK will be able to find and destroy mobile targets. But until we have an effective UNK the answer to the hunter-killer problem is manned aircraft. However, the aircraft which we have today are tied to large, UNK UNK Nuclear rockets can destroy airfields with ease. Here then is our problem: aircraft are vital to winning a war today because they can perform those missions which a missile is totally incapable of UNK but the UNK on which the aircraft is completely UNK is doomed by the missile. This makes today's aircraft a UNK or one mission, weapon. Aircraft are mighty expensive if you can use them only once. This is the point on which so many people have written off the aircraft in favor of the missile. But remember this- it isn't the UNK which is vulnerable to nuclear UNK it is the UNK UNK the UNK of aircraft on the UNK and you have essentially eliminated its vulnerability to long-range ballistic missiles. There are UNK rather obvious UNK to reduce or eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the UNK @ Put aircraft in UNK UNK when they are on the ground. @ UNK long-range aircraft which can take off from small UNK airfields with UNK If we could use all the small airfields we have in this country, we could UNK our strategic aircraft by a factor of 10 or more. @ Use nuclear UNK to keep our long-range military aircraft in the air for the majority of their useful life. @ Using very high thrust-to-weight ratio UNK develop a UNK UNK long-range military aircraft. We have the technology today with which to build aircraft shelters which could withstand at least 200 UNK We could put a portion of our strategic bombers in such shelters. UNK long-range bombers can be developed which would have the capability to take off from UNK UNK but they would require more powerful engines than we have today. There is little enthusiasm for spending money to develop more powerful engines because of the erroneous belief that the aircraft has been made obsolete by the missile. This same preoccupation with missiles at the expense of aircraft has resulted in our half-hearted effort to develop nuclear propulsion for aircraft. One seldom hears the analogy UNK propulsion will do for the aircraft what it has already done for the UNK If, for some reason such as economy, we are not going to develop aircraft nuclear propulsion with a sense of national UNK then we should turn our effort to developing jet engines with a thrust-to-weight ratio of 12 or 15 to one. With UNK such as these, vertical UNK and landing combat aircraft could be built. For example, a UNK engine would power a UNK UNK UNK With a UNK UNK a supersonic aircraft weighing 300,000 pounds could rise UNK The reason that we are not going ahead full speed to develop high thrust-to-weight engines is that it would cost perhaps a billion UNK and you don't spend that sort of money if aircraft are UNK When aircraft are no longer helpless on UNK they are no longer vulnerable to UNK If our ~SAC bombers were, today, capable of surviving a surprise missile attack and UNK of infinite dispersion or long endurance had the capability to strike at Russia again, and again, and UNK those bombers would unquestionably assure our military dominance. We would have the means to seek out and destroy the enemy's force- whether it were fixed or UNK With such a force of manned bombers we could bring enormous pressure to bear on an enemy, and this pressure would be selective and extremely UNK No need to kill an entire city and all its people because we lacked the precision and reconnaissance to UNK UNK the enemy's military force. Our first necessity, at the very outset of war, is post-attack reconnaissance. In a few years we will have UNK UNK missile observation UNK But in the case of moving targets, and targets which have limited UNK what will their location be when it is time to destroy them? What targets have we successfully knocked out? A ballistic missile cannot, today, tell you if it was successful or UNK What targets still remain to be UNK These crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance. UNK will be hard put to see through UNK and to see in the dark. Even if this is some day possible, there remains the UNK time of flight of a missile to its overseas target. If the target can change its position significantly during the 30 minutes the missile is in the air on its way, the probability of the missile destroying the target is drastically reduced. UNK reconnaissance is vital but only UNK reconnaissance will allow us to terminate the war UNK It would be priceless to have an aircraft to gather that post-attack reconnaissance. It could operate under the clouds and perform infrared photography through clouds and at night. It would be even more valuable because that same aircraft could immediately destroy any targets it UNK no need to wait for a missile to come all the way from the United States with the chance that the target, if it were mobile, would be gone. A large aircraft, such as the ~B-52 or UNK could carry perhaps 50 or 100 small nuclear weapons. Few people realize that one UNK of nuclear explosive power will create 1,000 UNK UNK at 100 feet. Or put another way, the hardest missile site planned today could be destroyed by placing a UNK UNK UNK the size of those used in Hiroshima and UNK within 100 to 200 feet of the UNK It is our lack of extreme accuracy which forces the use of very large yield nuclear weapons. Today we have UNK radar which has such high resolution that the radar picture clearly shows individual buildings, UNK UNK separate spans of bridges, etc&. With these keen UNK and small nuclear weapons delivered with accuracy, military forces can be directly attacked UNK minimum damage to urban UNK If we fail to develop the means to hunt down and destroy the enemy's military force with extreme care and UNK and if war comes in spite of our most ardent desires for peace, our choice of alternatives will be truly UNK THE UNK UNK of Schubert's <Trout> UNK its elemental rhythms and infectious UNK make it a source of pure pleasure for almost all music listeners. But for students of musical forms and would-be UNK the work presents its problems. Since it requires only five players, it would seem to fall into the category of chamber music- yet it calls for a double bass, an instrument generally regarded as UNK Moreover, the piece is written in five movements, rather than the conventional four of most UNK and this gives the UNK a UNK or UNK flavor. The many and frequent performances of the <Trout> serve to emphasize the dual nature of its writing. Some UNK are of symphonic dimensions, with the UNK given free UNK Other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation. In these UNK the double bass is either kept UNK in the background, or it is dressed in UNK UNK the musical equivalent of a bull in a china shop. Recently I was struck anew by the divergent UNK when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances. The occasion for this UNK UNK long-awaited UNK in its UNK UNK of the UNK series of the UNK Arte UNK Let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first. Whether considered alone or in relation to other UNK UNK 40 is a document of prime importance. UNK Schnabel was one of the greatest UNK players of all time, and any commentary of his on this UNK is UNK But Schnabel was a great teacher in addition to being a great UNK and the fact that four of the ten versions I listened to are by Schnabel pupils UNK UNK Frank UNK Adrian UNK and Victor UNK also UNK light on the master's UNK skills. Certain UNK UNK are common to all five UNK UNK most notably the UNK UNK (which differs from the conventional UNK in that the two notes are struck UNK But the most impressive testimony to Schnabel's distinction as a teacher is reflected by the individuality which marks each student's approach as distinctly his own. Schnabel's emphasis on structural clarity, his innate rhythmic UNK and UNK intensity all tend to stamp his reading as a symphonic one. Yet no detail was too small to receive attention from this master, and as a result the playing here has humor, UNK and radiant humanity. This is a UNK interpretation, but it is never UNK And although Schnabel's UNK bristles with UNK it is meticulously faithful to Schubert's dynamic UNK and phrase UNK The piano performance on this <Trout> is one that really demands a search for UNK About the UNK UNK contribution I am less happy. I, for one, rather regret that Schnabel didn't UNK with the Budapest UNK whose rugged, athletic playing was a good deal closer to this pianist's UNK outlook than the style of the Belgian group. From a technical standpoint, the string playing is good, but the UNK Arte people fail to enter into the spirit of things here. The UNK in particular, is very UNK with UNK and UNK and his tone is pinched and UNK The UNK recording offers rather faded string tone, but the balance between the instruments is good and the transfer is very quiet. There is a break in continuity just before the fourth variation in the UNK movement, and I suspect that this is due to imperfect UNK between sides of the original UNK Turning to the more modern UNK UNK UNK offers the most sophisticated UNK work. Every detail in his interpretation has been beautifully thought out, and of these I would especially cite the delicious UNK touch the pianist brings to the fifth variation UNK obvious indication that he is playing with UNK UNK and the UNK shading UNK Some of UNK playing strikes me as UNK however. Why, for example, does he favor <two> UNK rather than one, for the third movement? The assisting musicians from the Vienna UNK are somewhat lacking in UNK but their contribution is rustic and UNK UNK compliments to the double bass playing of UNK UNK his UNK UNK sound adds a delightful UNK to the UNK The UNK Arts edition UNK is a model of UNK and organization. It is, moreover, a perfectly integrated ensemble effort. But having lived with the disc for some time now, I find the performance less exciting than either Schnabel's or UNK (whose superb performance with the Budapest Quartet has still to be UNK and a good deal less filled with humor than UNK UNK work is very much akin to UNK but the sound on his Decca disc is UNK and you will have a hard time locating a copy of it. The UNK UNK Quartet UNK and Victor UNK Quartet UNK UNK editions give us UNK string playing (both in symphonic UNK crippled by UNK piano playing. UNK has acquired some of Schnabel's UNK manner, but his playing is of limited UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK Quartet UNK UNK are both UNK UNK lyrical, but rather slack and UNK UNK UNK playing with a group of musicians from the UNK UNK gives a sturdy reading, in much the same vein as that of the UNK UNK UNK has accorded him beautiful sound, and this UNK disc (it sells for UNK is worthy of consideration. UNK once again to the Schnabel UNK I am UNK anew by the UNK of this pianist's musical penetration. Here is truly a UNK UNK of the UNK and its greatness is by no means diminished by the fact that it is not quite perfect. This recording surely belongs in everyone's collection. MUST records always sound like UNK From the beginning of commercial UNK new discs purported to be UNK from The Real UNK have regularly been put in circulation. UNK in perspective, many of these releases have a genuine claim to be UNK Although lacking absolute UNK they supply the ear and the imagination with all necessary materials for UNK of the original. On the basis of what they give us we can know how the young UNK sang, appreciate the distinctive qualities of UNK under Karl UNK UNK or sense the type of ensemble UNK created in his years with the New York UNK Since the concept of high fidelity became important some dozen years ago, the claims of technical improvements have multiplied UNK In many cases the revolutionary production has offered no more than sensational UNK the first hearing was fascinating and the second UNK as the gap between sound and substance became UNK Other innovations with better claims to musical interest survived UNK to acquire in time the status of UNK If we return to them today, we have no difficulty UNK their weaknesses but we find them still UNK UNK sound like records because they provide a different sort of experience than live music. This difference is made up of many factors. Some of them are obvious, such as the fact that we associate recorded and live music with our UNK and behavior in different types of UNK and social settings. UNK often sounds best to me when I can dress informally and sit in something more comfortable than a theatre UNK From the technical standpoint, records differ from live music to the degree that they fail to convey the true color, UNK complexity, range, intensity, UNK and pitch of the original. Any alteration of one of these factors is UNK although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitatively on the basis of standard tests. Yet it is the accumulation of UNK the fitting together of UNK bits until the total reaches the threshold of our UNK that makes records sound like records. The sound may be good; but if you know The Real UNK you know that what you are hearing is only a clever UNK UNK new Brahms Second is a major effort to make a record that sounds like a real orchestra rather than a copy of one. Like the recent UNK from London UNK UNK Sept& UNK it is successful because emphasis has been placed on good musical and engineering practices rather than on creating sensational effects. Because of this, only those with truly fine equipment will be able to appreciate the exact degree of the engineers' triumph. The easiest way to describe this release is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective Steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values. The engineering as such never UNK upon your consciousness. The effect of the recording is very open and natural, with the frequency emphasis exactly what you would expect from a live performance. This absence of UNK UNK and UNK bass not only produces greater UNK but it eliminates listener UNK A contributing factor is the perspective, the uniform aesthetic distance which is maintained. The orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow UNK valve UNK and other UNK incidental to playing. Yet you feel the orchestra is near at hand, and the individual instruments have the same firm presence associated with listening from a good seat in an UNK perfect hall. Command has achieved the ideal amount of UNK The music is always allowed the living space needed to attain its full UNK yet the hall never UNK as a UNK The UNK remains that of the instruments UNK by UNK All of this would be UNK of course, if the performance lacked authority and musical distinction. For me it has more of both elements than the majority of its competitors. Steinberg seems to have gone directly back to the score, UNK tradition, and has built his performance on the intention to reproduce as faithfully as possible exactly what Brahms set down on paper. Those accustomed to UNK more romantic statements of the symphony can be expected to react strongly when they hear this one. Without losing the distinctive UNK of UNK rhythm, the pacing is firm and the over-all performance has a tightly knit quality that makes for maximum cumulative effect. The UNK UNK UNK UNK of the first trio of the UNK is taken literally and may shock you, as the real UNK con UNK of the finale is likely to bring you to your feet. In the end, however, the thing about this performance that is most striking is the way it UNK Steinberg obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score, and he manages at times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song. The engineering provides exactly the support needed for such a result. Too many records seem to reduce a work of symphonic complexity to a melody and its UNK The Command technique invites you to listen to the depth of the UNK Your ear takes you into the UNK and you may well become aware of instrumental details which previously were apparent only in the score. It is this sort of experience that makes the concept of high fidelity of real musical significance for the home music UNK The first substantially complete stereo UNK (and the only one of its scope since UNK UNK UNK edition of 1958 for UNK this set is, I'm afraid, likely to provide more UNK fascination than enjoyment. The already faded pastel UNK of the nai^ve music itself vanish entirely in UNK melodramatic contrasts between UNK UNK power and UNK if UNK UNK And in its engineers' frantic attempts to achieve maximum dynamic impact and UNK UNK the recording sounds as though it had been UNK for UNK UNK The home listener is UNK all right, but the experience is a far from pleasant one. As with the UNK UNK release UNK UNK for ~RCA UNK I find the UNK less UNK UNK version, for all its lack of UNK UNK the more UNK UNK but this may be the result of processing defects in my UNK UNK At the Westminster ~KC Dog Show in Madison Square UNK New York on the second day, the Finals of the Junior Class brought out the most competitive competition in the history of this Class. The Class had entries from as far west as Wisconsin and as far south as UNK This year several entries from Canada were entered which made the Junior Class UNK UNK of the 53 Juniors who mailed in entries were present. It was interesting to note that many of these Juniors were showing dogs in various other classes at the show prior to the Finals of the Junior Class. As has been the custom for the past several years, John UNK Jr&, Bench Show UNK of Westminster, arranged for the UNK meeting before the Class, and invited two speakers from the dog world to address them. Over 60 UNK parents and guests attended. UNK UNK H& UNK JR& UNK After the Juniors were welcomed and congratulated for UNK for the Finals of the Junior Class, Mrs& William H& Long, Jr& was introduced as the first UNK In her opening remarks Mrs& Long also welcomed the Juniors and stated, "There isn't any other show quite like Westminster. I know because this is my UNK year with hardly a break. Mrs& Long still feels the same unique spirit of Westminster which she stated the present Juniors will experience today but probably will not appreciate in full for a number of years. Twenty years ago her daughter UNK Long, then 13 years of age, won the Grand UNK UNK UNK UNK Class (as they were called UNK at Westminster. No sooner had UNK come out of the ring than Mrs& Long walked into the UNK Competition with Ch& UNK or UNK another UNK product, and UNK Speaking from long years of experience, Mrs& Long advised the UNK UNK showing dogs ceases to be fun and UNK UNK UNK have a way of sensing our UNK When you and your dog step into the Junior ring, it should be just what the dog wants to do as much as what you want him to do. If you walk into the ring because it is fun to show your dog, he will feel it and give you a good UNK He knows your signals, what is expected of him and the way the Class is UNK right up through the UNK of the UNK UNK UNK UNK "Take away your UNK said Mrs& Long, "and what have you UNK Either a nervous dog because you are UNK with UNK a sure sign that you are taking things too seriously and had better UNK Or a bored dog because you are more interested in something else- maybe the way you look, or the date you have after the Class, or you are just doing this to please the parents. "The reason you are in the ring today is to show your ability to present to any judge the most attractive picture of your dog that the skillful use of your aids can produce. Aids sounds more like a Pony Club, or UNK UNK riding a horse and showing a dog are very UNK "Your aids are your attitude, which comes through your voice, your hands and UNK voice to encourage, discourage or whatever the need may UNK hands to guide or UNK legs to produce motion and rate of speed. Without right attitude the other aids just do not work right". Mrs& Long wished all the Juniors luck in the Class and stated, "Have UNK And may you all continue to show at Westminster in the years to UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK The second speaker was Harvey UNK President of the Dog Writers UNK of America. Mr& UNK spoke on the subject of scholarships for UNK with which he is very familiar. Last year a boy he knows and helped in UNK won the UNK UNK UNK UNK which is worth UNK He gave a resume of the steps taken in order for the boy he sponsored to win the scholarship. UNK Showmanship is an extremely worthy project and should be earnestly UNK is one of Mr& UNK strong beliefs. He feels very forcibly that the American Kennel Club should take a MORE UNK part in encouraging the Junior UNK In UNK Mr& UNK also wished all the Juniors luck in their Class. UNK UNK UNK Instead of 3 a&m& in the past, the Juniors Class at Westminster was held at UNK p&m&. This gave the Juniors the use of the entire ring at the UNK a great advantage to them! Before the Juniors entered the ring the UNK announced that after all Juniors had moved their dogs around the ring and set them up, they could relax with their dogs. From there on, each Junior was going to be judged UNK This thoughtful gesture was well received by the Juniors as the Class had an entry of 46 Juniors and it took approximately one hour, 45 minutes to judge the Class. UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK This year Anne UNK UNK outstanding UNK judged the Class. This is the third time in 28 years of Junior Showmanship at Westminster that a lady Handler has judged the Class. As the Juniors entered the ring, Mr& UNK the UNK stated over the UNK system that this was the 28th year that Westminster has held the Finals of the Junior UNK Juniors UNK last year at American Kennel Club and Canadian Kennel Club recognized shows to be eligible to compete in this UNK the Finals for the year. A Junior who won two or more wins in the Open Class was UNK (The purpose of the Junior Showmanship Competition is to teach and encourage Juniors to become good UNK Many adults showing at Westminster today are products of this UNK It seemed an almost impossible job for Miss Rogers to select 4 winners from the 46 Juniors entered. A large number of these Juniors have 7 and 8 wins to their credit and are seasoned UNK After the judge moved all the dogs individually, she selected several from the group and placed them in the center of the UNK She then went over them thoroughly giving each a strenuous test in UNK UNK UNK OF THE YEAR# UNK UNK UNK age 16, UNK Mass&, showing an Irish UNK was chosen as International Champion of the year. She was awarded the Professional UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Memorial Trophy UNK for the UNK of the Junior UNK UNK is 16 years of age and had several wins to her credit last year. In addition to showing an Irish UNK throughout the year, she also scored with an UNK #OTHER UNK UNK UNK UNK age 15, Staten Island, N&Y&, showing a UNK UNK was UNK UNK UNK age 14, from Baltimore, UNK showing a UNK was UNK Last year Susan also placed UNK in the Finals at Westminster. From the records we UNK Susan is the only Junior who has placed in the Junior Classes in both United States and Canada. UNK UNK age 16, UNK UNK showing a UNK was UNK Most Juniors who were entered in the Finals are seasoned UNK and not only show and win in Junior Classes but score in the UNK Classes as well. UNK UNK UNK UNK In 1960, there were UNK entries in the Junior UNK Each year these shows have increased in UNK Next year 1962, at Westminster, the Bench Show Committee has raised the requirements so that a UNK MUST UNK 3 OR MORE UNK UNK IN THE OPEN UNK ONLY TO UNK FOR UNK UNK UNK a leading judge will not be at the International Show this year for the Junior Judging UNK as he has been invited to judge in Australia in March. UNK UNK FOR UNK UNK It has been suggested many times that a Class be set up for the Juniors who are UNK and cannot enter the Junior UNK For some time this writer has been suggesting a Junior Judging Class for UNK over 16 and under 20 years of age who are ineligible to compete in the Junior Class. Such a Class was tried out successfully at the Westchester ~KC Show recently. Not only were the contestants pleased with the Class, but it aroused the interest of all in attendance that day. The UNK in the Class with the Judge were asked to pick 4 winners and give their reasons but their decisions did not affect the choice of the UNK We suggested this Class in the horse world and it was accepted immediately and included in the programs of horse shows At the recent horse show convention in New York it was stated that this UNK Judging Class is meeting with great success and will be a great help to future judges in the horse world. This Class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance. Last year Robert Harris, a leading Junior Handler entered the Dog Judging UNK UNK at the International ~KC of Chicago show and had the highest score in judging of any Junior since the UNK UNK Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help to them. #MORE UNK UNK UNK TO UNK UNK at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed Handler to Judge Junior Showmanship UNK The founder of the Junior Showmanship Competition the late Leonard UNK UNK (for whom the UNK is named after at UNK was an outstanding Handler and believed a Junior should have an opportunity to exhibit in a dog show starting with the Junior Showmanship Division. Some years ago this Class was judged by UNK who knew nothing of what was required of a UNK ability to show a dog. To overcome this unfair UNK the UNK requires that a licensed Handler be present to judge the Class. If the UNK do not receive more cooperation from UNK it has been suggested that licensed UNK also be qualified to judge this Class. By recognizing and helping Juniors get interested in the dog world, all will be helping to create future dog owners. #OTHER UNK FOR UNK The UNK UNK Club of America and the UNK Blue UNK Club of America have under consideration UNK UNK to the boys or girls who win with their UNK in Junior Showmanship Competition at any UNK The Kansas City and the UNK UNK are arranging that Juniors who win at their shows will be qualified to win points for Westminster. The UNK UNK ~KC is also considering having their Junior Classes set up so that Juniors can qualify with points for Westminster. The American UNK Club is still continuing to donate a UNK to Juniors who win at Junior Showmanship Classes with UNK UNK through the South- over 16,000 UNK with two Great UNK an UNK and a Persian UNK we've worked up a regular routine for acceptance at UNK My husband enters the motel office, signs up for a room, and them solemnly asks the UNK if he accepts UNK UNK comes the suspicious question. "No", he UNK "full grown, adult show dogs, UNK and UNK We've never been UNK Once settled, we're careful to walk the dogs in an out of the way spot, keep them under control in the room, and feed and bench them where they can't do any harm to the UNK or the furniture. In the morning we leave the room looking as neat as a UNK Many a motel UNK when we've stopped there again- has remembered us and has said he preferred our dogs to most children. So many times I have wondered why UNK do not wipe the table clean before each new UNK patient is placed on it for examination. Is it that they don't UNK Are they indifferent to the fact that the dog can easily pick up UNK from the preceding UNK AT ONE UNK to most Americans, unless they were fortunate enough to live near a body of UNK water, boats were considered the sole concern of UNK rich people, and the United States Navy. Today the recreational boating scene is UNK with heartening statistics which prove the enormous growth of that sport. There are more than UNK recreational boats in use in the United States with almost UNK the prediction for within the next decade. About UNK people participated in boating in 1960. UNK has become a giant whose strides cover the entire nation from sea to shining sea. UNK are operated in every state in the Union, with the UNK concentrations along both coasts and in the Middle West. The spectacular upsurge in pleasure boating is markedly evident, UNK in the areas where boats have always been UNK the natural UNK rivers, and along the nation's UNK But during the last several years boats were launched in areas where, a short time ago, the only water to be found was in UNK and UNK UNK for livestock. UNK as a result of the UNK resources control program of the government, vast, man-made bodies of water represent a kind of glorious fringe benefit, providing boating and fishing UNK all over the country. No matter how determined or wealthy boating lovers of the Southwest had been, for example, they could never have created anything approaching the fifty UNK Lake UNK located between Texas and Oklahoma, which resulted when the UNK of Army UNK UNK the Red River. In 1959, according to the Engineers, Lake UNK was only one of UNK artificial lakes and UNK which were used for recreation by over UNK persons. Where an opportunity to enjoy boating has not been created by bringing bodies of water to the people, means have been found to take the people and their boats to the water. UNK these means are about ninety companies which manufactured the estimated UNK boat trailers now in use. It is a simple task to haul a boat fifty or one hundred miles to a lake or reservoir on the new, light, strong, UNK trailers which are built to accommodate almost any kind of small boat and retail from $100 to UNK The sight of UNK UNK UNK and sailboats being wheeled UNK along highways many miles from any water is UNK UNK lucky enough to have facilities for year 'round UNK for their craft, will recall the tedious procedure of loading their gear into the car, driving to the water, and making trip after trip to transfer the gear to the boat. Today, the UNK on its UNK is brought to the gear and loaded at the door. Arriving at the UNK the boat is launched, the family taken aboard and, that easily, another day UNK is begun. And trailers for boats are not what they started out to be ten years ago. This year, Americans will discover previously unheard of refinements in trailers that will be exhibited in about one hundred of our nation's national, regional and local boat shows. The boats of America's UNK sailors in 1961 will be UNK on clouds as they are hauled to new horizons. The variety of craft on the country's waters today is UNK They range from an UNK UNK which you can build yourself for less than UNK to auxiliary sailboats which can cost over UNK Boat prices vary according to the UNK desires or needs. In this respect, boats can be compared with houses. There is no limit to what you can UNK yet it is easily possible to keep within a set budget. There is no question as to just what is available. You name it, our industry is producing it, and it probably is made in different models. There are UNK ideal for fishing in protected waters or for camping trips. There are UNK which are literally homes UNK UNK whole families in comfort and UNK You can cross an ocean in a fully equipped craft, UNK power, or both, or UNK away a fine day in a small UNK on a local UNK You may have your boat of wood, UNK UNK plastic, or metal. You may order utility models, UNK or UNK with or without UNK UNK and UNK You may dress it up with any number of UNK or keep it as simple as you choose. Designers and manufacturers have produced models for purchasers who run the gamut from a UNK version of the elderly UNK lady who never drove more than five miles an hour on her UNK ride around the block, to the UNK boatman who insists on all the UNK color, flair and speed possible to encompass in a single boat. You pay your money and you take your choice. American technology in engine and hull design is largely responsible for the plentiful interest in American boating. I wonder if anyone ever bothered to make the point that when it comes to boats and their UNK Americans UNK over any country in the world in the long run. Russia, whose technology is not quite UNK is still in the dark ages when it comes to improving the outboard motor, for UNK Now here is truly a UNK The outboard engine of today has a UNK range of one to 80 UNK unheard of a few years ago for a two cycle engine in quantity production. These engines can be removed from a boat with relative ease, wherein lies their greatest advantage. Their cost is not beyond the hopes of the American UNK the range being about $150 to UNK depending on size. Great thought has been given to making life easier for the growing boating population of the country; and to making the UNK of a boat UNK There was a time when, if a man wanted to purchase a UNK it was necessary for him to be able to produce a UNK amount of cash before he could touch the UNK or wheel. Having a boat financed through a local bank is done much the same way as an automobile loan is UNK Marine dealers and even some manufacturers who sell direct in UNK areas cooperate in enabling you to launch now and pay later. UNK range from one to five years and the interest rates and down payments run about the same as for automobiles. Of course, individual financing arrangements depend a good deal on the UNK earning power, credit rating and local bank policy. UNK UNK insurance, and boat repairs may also be financed in the same way as boats. UNK and rates of interest for UNK generally follow those for home appliances. When the automobile was in its UNK stage, such roads as existed were pretty much open roads with the UNK understanding that horses should not be unduly terrified being about the only rule governing where, when and how fast a car could go. When air travel was in its UNK the sky was considered big enough and high enough for all. Man had enough to worry about managing to get up there and stay without being burdened with rules once UNK It was much the same with pleasure boating at first. Come one, come all, the water's UNK As the UNK days of the automobile and the airplane are long since relegated to the past, so is the carefree attitude toward what a boatman may and may not do; must and should do. However, there is a minimum of legislative restriction on boating. UNK on boating vary according to the state in which the craft is to be used and according to its UNK What may be acceptable in one state may be strictly prohibited across the boundary line. The main requirement is to be sure the boat is numbered according to the regulations of the state in which the boat will be principally used. If your state has no provisions for the numbering of pleasure boats, you must apply for a number from the U&S& Coast Guard for any kind of boat with mechanical propulsion rated at more than 10 UNK before it can be used on Federal UNK State numbering laws differ from each other in many ways. UNK are not the same and some states do not require certain craft, such as sailboats with no power, to be registered at all. Many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have restrictions regarding the age of motor boat operators. Generally, states reserve for communities the right to have local ordinances regulating speed and other activities. It is always wise to consult your marine dealer, local UNK or boat club secretary, or local law enforcement officers if you are not positive what the regulations are. UNK of the law is no better excuse on the water than it is on UNK lack of ability and common sense can lead to just as much tragedy. Hand in hand with the legislative program is the industry's self originated and directed safety program. UNK the possible threats to safety with the rapid growth of the UNK the industry has been supporting an intense, coordinated educational program with great success since 1947. A primary factor in the success of the safety program has been the enthusiastic cooperation of the individual manufacturers. The industry has been its own watch dog. With U&S& Coast Guard cooperation, the American Boat and Yacht Council was formed to develop recommended practices and standards for boats and their equipment with reference to safety. Industry interest in safety goes even farther. In 1959, the Yacht UNK Bureau was reorganized by the National Association of UNK and Boat Manufacturers and a group of insurance underwriters to provide a testing laboratory and labeling service for boats and their equipment. A new waterfront site for the bureau is now being built at Atlantic City, New Jersey, to provide the most modern marine testing facilities as a further tool to keep the sport safe. In addition to these activities, the UNK with headquarters at 420 UNK Avenue, New York City, as well as other associations and individual manufacturers, provide and distribute films, UNK and public services in regard to proper boat handling and safety afloat. It is important to note the work of the United States Power UNK and the U&S& Coast Guard UNK Each of these fine groups gives free boating classes in UNK UNK and small boat handling. These are not UNK subsidized organizations. This year, over 100,000 persons will receive this free instruction. As America on wheels was responsible for an industry of motor courts, motels, and UNK establishments where you can UNK see a UNK shop, or make a bank UNK the UNK number of boating enthusiasts have UNK industries designed especially to accommodate them. Instead of motels, for the boatman there are marinas. The word marina was coined by UNK originally to describe a waterfront facility where recreational boats could find protection and basic needs to lay over in relative comfort. UNK marina is used to indicate a municipal or commercially operated facility where a pleasure boat may dock and UNK or all of the following available: UNK fresh water, electricity, telephone service, UNK repair facilities, restaurants, sleeping UNK a general store, and a grocery store. UNK a relatively new word, indicates a waterfront type of hotel where a UNK may dock and find overnight accommodations on the premises as well as other services. UNK has a similar meaning to UNK It indicates the same thing but it is meant to UNK more specifically to establishments designed to cater to smaller type boats such as UNK Regardless of UNK UNK and UNK are marinas. UNK which also provide some of the above facilities may rightfully be called marinas. A recent survey disclosed there are about 4,000 commercially and UNK operated marinas and UNK in the United States, the majority of which are equipped to handle outboard boats. THE design of a mechanical interlocking frame is much like a mechanical UNK but once UNK the principles can be applied to any track and signal arrangement. In the frame are two sets of bars which UNK with each other to prevent the operator from making dangerous UNK The main set of bars are the UNK and one tappet is connected to each UNK If the lever is pulled to clear a signal or move a UNK the tappet moves a short distance lengthwise at the same time. Close behind the plane of the tappets are the locking bars. These can also move a short distance but at right angles to the UNK The number of locking bars required depends on how many false moves must be UNK In the sides of the tappets are notches with sloping sides, and connection between the tappets and locking bars consist of UNK called UNK Two or more dogs are mounted on each locking bar. These slide into and out of the notches in the tappets as the tappets are UNK locking and UNK them. Here's how the scheme UNK Suppose the operator pulls the lever to clear a particular signal. This also pulls the tappet connected to the particular lever and forces any dogs seated in the notches to the side, thus moving one or more locking bars. The dogs on the other ends of these locking bars are thus forced into notches in other UNK By this scheme, pulling one signal to clear locks all the other switch and signal levers in safe positions until the first signal is again restored to normal. UNK signals are normally at stop or UNK position, and a lever must be pulled to UNK the signal. This is not necessarily to green, however, for in some situations only a yellow indication is given to a train to let it into the UNK There are other basic rules. A turnout may have two UNK one to actually move the switch points, the other to lock the points. A signal cannot be cleared until all the related UNK are properly thrown <and> UNK Such locks are nearly always used where the switch points UNK UNK traffic. The lock UNK that the points are thrown all the way with no chance that a wheel UNK will UNK on a partly thrown point. If the points aren't thrown all the way, the turnout cannot be UNK and in turn, the signal cannot be UNK Generally, these locks on UNK are called UNK point UNK Figs& UNK show typical arrangements of track and UNK Each diagram is accompanied by a UNK UNK a list of the levers that show which other levers any particular lever will lock if UNK The lines connecting the UNK dogs represent the locking bars at right angles to the tappet bars. By studying the UNK diagrams you'll note several other details. UNK mechanical track devices that actually guide the wheels off the rails if a train passes a UNK UNK are used in many instances. UNK signals have two UNK The UNK blades indicate a fixed UNK the blade does not move. As an engineer approaches the plant the position of the home signal is seen in advance when he passes the UNK signal located beyond the limits of the interlocking plant. In some UNK situations, the distant signal is fixed at UNK In other instances where there is no automatic block UNK the distant has only green and yellow aspects. So much for the UNK The interlocking frame we built at the UNK UNK workshop and then installed on Paul UNK railroad follows the Fig& 1 scheme and is shown beginning in Fig& 7, page UNK and in the UNK Here's how it can be built. UNK The sizes of pieces needed for the interlocking frame are shown in the notes within Fig& 7, most of the bars being 1/8'' brass in 1/4'' and 1/2'' UNK You may change the dimensions to suit a frame for more or fewer levers and locks as you UNK Our instructions assume you are building this particular frame, which is for a UNK When cutting the pieces, dress the ends smooth, and square with a smooth file or UNK disk. Start with the UNK piece UNK **f, UNK it to the lower piece "~A" of the same material but 12'' long. Let exactly 1'' of "~A" extend beyond "~B" and use a square to check your angle to exactly 90 degrees. Now lay 12 pieces of **f cut UNK long side by side but separated by 12 pieces of the same material 1/2'' UNK This gives you the spacing for locating the UNK piece UNK UNK the assembly when you make the mark to show the location for UNK UNK this second "~B" to "~A" at right UNK There should be 10'' between the two parallel members and each should be 1'' from an end of the long piece. Cap this assembly (with spacing bars in UNK with a **f bar. UNK all the 1/2'' sq& pieces to the 10'' and 12'' members. These will be drilled and tapped later on. Now cut five **f locking bar spacers (which run UNK Position these using six intermediate temporary **f spacers and locate the upper 12'' bar UNK UNK it and the five locking bar spacers to the frame. Now place 12 pieces 1/2'' sq& on this edge as we did before and space them with the UNK long UNK as they are called. Cap with a **f bar and UNK in place. Cap the locking bar spacers with two **f directly under the first two "~B" pieces. Remove all the loose spacing bars. Mark and UNK all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together. See Fig& 7. UNK of these holes is not critical, but they should be located so that the centers are about 1/8'' from any edge. Drill all No& 50 and UNK all except the "~A" pieces size UNK UNK the "~A" pieces 2-56. Now UNK and UNK the frame except for the two 12'' and the first two UNK bars UNK and "~B" UNK which are UNK together. Either lay the components aside in proper order or code them with numbers and letters so they may be replaced in their proper positions. UNK all surfaces with a file, cleaning off all UNK and drilling UNK Drill 20 No& 47 holes in the upper piece "~A" as shown in Fig& 7. UNK these UNK for mounting the electrical contact later on. Note 6 and 8 lock levers don't require holes for contacts. Now UNK the frame, using **f roundhead steel screws and UNK Put the 12 tappets and some **f locking bar spacers in the frame to help UNK all the components before you tighten the screws. Be sure the tappets are not pinched by a twisted 1/2'' sq& UNK As an anchor for the spring lock, insert a **f bar in the lower left corner of the frame as shown in Fig& 7. Drill a No& UNK hole through the pieces and secure with a 2-56 nut and UNK Drill two No& 50 UNK one in the insert and one in the locking bar UNK directly above it, and tap 2-56. UNK all the tappet bars before removing them so they can be replaced in the same UNK Remove all other loose pieces and file the edges of the basic frame UNK Cut five pieces of **f brass bar stock UNK long. These are supporting members for the short locking bars. UNK their positions in Fig& 7 and drill No& UNK to match the corresponding holes in the frame. Cut off excess screw lengths and file flush with either frame or UNK Drill four No& 19 and four No& 28 holes in the 12'' long "~A" pieces. UNK the position from Fig& 7. UNK AND UNK UNK UNK No& 1 tappet to a smooth fit in its respective UNK and square the ends. UNK the end corners with a slight 45 degree UNK Drill a No& 50 hole UNK from one end and tap 2-56. (See Fig& UNK Put a 2-56 roundhead screw into the hole, cut off the excess threads and file flush with the underside of the bar. To find the other stop screw position, insert the tappet into the frame and hold the screw head tight against the frame edge. Scribe a line across the bar on the other end of the UNK 1/4'' plus half the diameter of the 2-56 screw head (about UNK away from the frame edge. UNK distance is about UNK UNK to make this dimension slightly UNK so you can file the screw head to get exactly 1/4'' tappet movement. Drill a No& 50 hole, tap 2-56 and insert a roundhead 2-56 screw as you did on the first end. Drill a No& 47 hole UNK through the tappet at the position shown in Figs& 7 and 8. UNK these drill and tap operations for each of the tappet bars. To each tappet except 6 and 8, UNK a **f piece of brass and file to the tapered shape shown in Figs& 6 and 8. These will serve as lifting pads for the electrical contacts. UNK the locking bars and making the locking pieces is a rather tedious job since stop UNK tappets and locking bars must be removed and replaced many times. As the work progresses the frame and moving parts become a sort of Chinese puzzle where several pieces must be removed before the part you are working on is UNK A little extra work here will pay off with a smooth, UNK machine when you are finished. Each completed locking bar should remain in place as the work progresses to insure UNK fitting. The order of fitting is not too important. However, we started with the first row of bars and worked our way back. Since the same method of shaping and fitting the dogs and notches is used UNK we will only describe the construction of one locking bar. Figs& 7 and 8 give all pertinent dimensions. All the bars are cut from **f UNK The lengths of each piece are listed at the bottom of Fig& 7. Bar UNK is UNK long. UNK the edges, square up the ends and put a slight UNK on the edges so they will not UNK in the frame. Fig& 8 gives the dimensions for locating the UNK holes. UNK and drill the No& 31 hole UNK from one end of the bar. Chuck a length of 1/8'' dia& drill rod into a drill press or some similar turning device and while it is rotating file the end square and then file a slight taper 1/8'' long. Cut the piece about UNK or UNK long and drive it into the No& 31 hole drilled in the locking bar. File the bottom edge flush with the bar and the top 1/8'' above the bar. This dog will engage a notch to be cut in tappet 3. Place the locking bar in proper position and insert tappet 3. Scribe a line through the center of the pin and across the face of tappet 3, parallel to piece UNK See the drawings for the shape of the UNK Scribe UNK lines on the bar and rough out with either a UNK saw or a cutting disk in a hand power tool. We used the latter equipped with a UNK disk about UNK thick and 1'' dia& fitted on a 1/8'' dia& UNK Such disks are very handy for cutting and shaping small parts. File to a smooth finish. A UNK Swiss pattern file is handy since its triangular shape with only one cutting face will allow you to work a surface without UNK an adjoining one. UNK to get the notches as much alike as possible. The notch should have a smooth finish so that the steel dog will slide easily over it. UNK the parts in the frame and test the sliding action of the mating pieces. All matching surfaces should be checked frequently and UNK on a cut and fit basis. Chuck a UNK or UNK piece of 1/8'' dia& drill rod in a drill press or electric hand tool. Fashion a sharp UNK point about UNK long on one end, using Swiss pattern files. This tool can also be made with a UNK Scientists say that the world and everything in it are based on mathematics. Without UNK the men who are continually seeking the causes of and the reasons for the many things that make the world go 'round would not have any means of UNK UNK and communicating the things they discover and UNK UNK and the formulas that allow it to be applied to different problems are, therefore, essential to any scientific UNK Hot UNK is a science. It's not a science as involved as determining what makes the earth UNK on its axis or building a rocket or putting a satellite into orbit but it is, nevertheless, a science. But because science is based on mathematics doesn't mean that a hot rodder must necessarily be a UNK A guy can be an active and successful hot rodder for years without becoming even remotely involved with mathematical UNK however, he will have a clearer understanding of what he is doing and the chances are he will be more successful if he understands the few formulas that apply to UNK A mathematical formula is nothing more than a pattern for solving a specific problem. It places the various factors involved in the problem in their correct order in relation to each other so that the influence of factors on each other can be computed. The first step in using a formula is to insert the numerical values of the factors involved in their correct positions in the formula. This changes the formula to an UNK The equation is used for the mathematical process of solving the problem. UNK for UNK formulas are not UNK They involve only simple mathematics that are taught in grammar school arithmetic classes. However, it is essential that the various mathematical symbols used in the equations be understood so that the mathematical processes can be done properly and in their correct order. They indicate simple division, UNK subtraction, and UNK The symbol for division is a straight line that separates two numbers placed one above the other. The lower number is always divided into the upper UNK **f The symbol for multiplication is UNK It is used to separate two or more numbers in a row. For example: **f Numbers to be multiplied together may be multiplied in any order. The result will be the same regardless of the order used. The symbol for subtraction is the standard minus sign. This is nothing more than a UNK It separates two or more numbers. The number on the right of the symbol is always subtracted from the number on the left of the symbol. For example: **f When more than two figures are separated by subtraction symbols the subtraction must be carried out from the left to right if the result is to be correct. For example, for the problem **f, 10 from 25 equals 15, then 6 from 15 equals 9. UNK is indicated by the UNK symbol. The symbol is used to separate two or more numbers. For example: **f Numbers separated by addition symbols may be placed in any order. When solving an equation that involves division as well as other steps, do all the division steps first to reduce those parts of the equation to their numerical value. UNK subtraction, and addition can then be accomplished as they appear in the equation by starting at the left end of the equation and working toward the right. UNK the division first also includes those division parts that require UNK subtraction, or addition UNK **f This would be reduced by multiplying 8 times 6 and then dividing the product by 12. This part of the equation would then become 4. For use in UNK fractions should be converted to their decimal UNK The easiest way to do this is with a conversion UNK UNK for this purpose are available from many sources. They are included in all types of mathematical UNK and they are stamped on some types of precision measuring instruments. The various mathematical processes can be simplified by carrying the results to only two or three decimal places. UNK the results in this manner will not have any detrimental effect on the accuracy of the final result. Some formulas contain UNK A constant is a number that remains the same regardless of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant UNK It is a number without which the equation cannot be solved UNK UNK formulas apply to many phases of the sport. The answers they give can often UNK the way to performance increases and, quite often, are necessary for completing entry UNK for different events. When it is needed, one formula is as important as another. However, some formulas are used more than others. We'll take them in the general order of their popularity. UNK UNK A rodder should be able to compute the displacement of his engine. UNK is sometimes referred to as UNK volume". Most entry UNK for competitive events require engine displacement information because of class restrictions. It is good to be able to compute displacement so that changes in it resulting from boring and UNK can be computed. UNK involved in the displacement formula are the bore diameter of the UNK UNK the length of the piston UNK the number of cylinders in the UNK and a constant. The constant is UNK which is UNK of UNK another constant known as UNK UNK is used in formulas concerned with the dimensions of circles. Actually, the engine displacement formula is the standard formula for computing the volume of a cylinder of any type with an added factor that represents the number of cylinders in the engine. The cross-sectional area of the cylinders is determined and then the volume of the individual cylinders is computed by multiplying the area by the stroke length, which is the equivalent of the length of the UNK UNK the result by the number of cylinders in the engine gives the UNK total UNK The formula is: **f. UNK in inches, and fractions of inches will give the displacement in cubic inches. UNK in centimeters and fractions of centimeters will give the displacement in cubic centimeters UNK One inch equals UNK UNK one cubic inch equals UNK cubic UNK For example, let's consider a standard UNK cubic inch UNK UNK These engines have a cylinder diameter of UNK inches and a stroke length of 3 inches. The formula, with the fractions converted to UNK becomes **f. To arrive at the answer, UNK the numbers together by starting at the left of the group and working to the right. The different steps will look like this: **f UNK UNK A UNK compression ratio is computed by comparing the UNK volume, or its UNK with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber. UNK volume can be determined mathematically but combustion chamber volume must be measured with a UNK UNK volume is determined in exactly the same manner as for the displacement formula: **f. To measure the volume of one of the combustion chambers in the cylinder head, install the UNK and spark plug in the chamber and support the head so that its gasket surface is level. Then pour water or light oil from a graduated UNK into the chamber to fill the chamber to its gasket surface. Do not UNK the chamber. This is possible with water and other liquids that have a high surface tension. Such liquids will rise to a considerable height above the surface around the chamber before they will flow out of the chamber. The amount of liquid poured into the chamber is determined by subtracting the quantity still in the UNK when the chamber is full from the original UNK Most UNK are graduated in cubic centimeters UNK making it necessary to convert the result to cubic inches. However, the displacement of the cylinder can be converted to cubic UNK The compression ratio arrived at with the formula will be the same regardless of whether cubic inches or cubic centimeters are used. The only UNK is that all volumes used in the formula be quoted in the same terms. The volume of the cylinder opening in the head gasket must be computed by multiplying its area in square inches by the UNK thickness in UNK of an UNK Sometimes it is necessary to roughly calculate the square inch area of the opening but the calculation can usually be made with sufficient accuracy that it won't affect the final UNK The volume of the opening is added to the combustion chamber volume. Another thing that must be taken into consideration is the volume of the area between the top of the piston and the top of the cylinder block when the piston is in top dead center position. UNK this volume by measuring the distance from the top of the block to the piston head as accurately as possible with a depth UNK or some other precision measuring device and then UNK the area of the cylinder by the depth. The formula for this step is: **f This volume is added to the total volume of the combustion chamber and head gasket UNK The total of these three volumes is the UNK combustion chamber volume". After the factors just described have been UNK they are applied to the following formula: **f For an example let's dream up an engine that has a final combustion chamber volume of 5 cubic inches and a cylinder volume of 45 cubic inches. UNK these figures to the formula we get the UNK **f The compression ratio is 10 to 1. This method of computing compression ratio cannot be used accurately for engines that have pistons with either UNK or irregularly shaped heads. Any irregularity on the piston heads will make it impossible, with normal means, to determine the final combustion chamber volume because the volume UNK by the piston heads cannot be readily computed. The only way to determine the final combustion chamber volume when such pistons are used is by measuring it with liquid while the cylinder head is bolted to the cylinder block and the piston is in top dead center position. UNK UNK UNK UNK There are four versions of the formula that involves the relationships of car speed, engine speed, rear axle gear UNK and rear tire size. By using the appropriate version any one of these factors can be determined for any combination of the other three. To simplify the formulas a representative symbol is substituted for each of the factors. These are UNK for UNK speed UNK for UNK UNK speed ~R for UNK axle gear ratio UNK for UNK size UNK size can be determined in several ways but the one that is the easiest and as accurate as any is by measuring the effective radius of a wheel and tire UNK This is done by measuring the distance from the surface on which the tire is resting to the center of the rear axle UNK A tire must be UNK to its normal hot operating pressure and the car must be loaded to its operating weight when this measurement is made. The measurement must be in inches. Any fraction of an inch involved in the measurement must be converted to a decimal equivalent to simplify the mathematics. When tire size is measured in this manner a constant of 168 is used in the formula. To determine car speed for a given combination of engine speed, gear UNK and tire size, the formula is: **f For an engine speed of 5000 UNK a gear ratio of UNK to 1, and a tire radius of 13 inches, the equation would look like this: **f To determine engine speed for a given combination of the other three factors the formula is: **f Using the same figures as for the previous example, the equation becomes: **f To determine the rear axle gear ratio for a combination of the other three factors, the formula is: **f Using the figures from the previous examples, the equation becomes: **f UNK FLA&, FEB& UNK The best 2-year-old pacing mile up to date at Ben White UNK has been that of Mary UNK UNK UNK a member of the Dick Williams stable, who was UNK UNK She is owned by Ralph H& UNK UNK UNK who, according to the UNK can feel justly proud of her. Other good miles have been by Debonnie UNK UNK Hanover) and Prompt Time UNK UNK in UNK UNK UNK UNK Hanover) UNK Laguerre Hanover (Tar UNK UNK Hanover) and Monel (Tar UNK UNK in UNK Laguerre Hanover is outstanding in type and UNK good body, plenty of heart UNK stands straight on his legs on excellent feet- and has the UNK UNK This colt is behind most of the other 2-year-olds in the Simpson stable but can show about as much pace as any of them. Monel shows improvement with each UNK and looks the UNK of a good brood mare after winning her share of races. UNK (Star's UNK Hanover), UNK looks quite UNK Fury Hanover (Hoot UNK Caper (Hoot UNK Hanover) and Isaac (Hoot UNK Hanover) have been working together but have not UNK their best work done some weeks ago. Fury and Caper worked in UNK and did it with ease. They are two good colts of different type. Fury is UNK and on the UNK side, and Caper is more the compact type. I have never seen Caper off his feet- he seems to know nothing but UNK and keeps trying a little harder if asked to do so. Fury has made a few mistakes but looks like a wonderful UNK with his impressive gait and stride which certainly make him cover the ground. UNK UNK UNK has worked a mile in UNK It took this colt several weeks to strike a pace. Then, after UNK he was eased up for a couple of weeks. He has UNK on all he has gone through and looks the UNK of a good little race horse. UNK Hanover UNK Hanover) is a wonderful looking prospect and another good individual, with UNK rugged UNK good, flat bone and excellent feet. This colt arrived at the UNK early last November, and immediately was put into harness and UNK for a few days, and then put to cart and broken in very UNK knowing nothing but trot. He appeared in the hopples about November 14, was treated for worms on the UNK the latter date being the first time he struck a real pace. On December 5 he paced a mile in UNK on the UNK out in third position all the way. This colt has done everything asked of him, and done it with ease. His best mile to date is UNK UNK (Tar UNK Hanover) is another promising colt, and his best time is UNK This is one of the UNK UNK UNK ever at the center. The first time he was UNK he stood like a gentle old UNK the UNK under his tail seemed to be old UNK The fourth time in harness he walked off like a UNK Being UNK for UNK has delayed his work somewhat. But up to date he has shown as much as any in the big Simpson UNK UNK (Knight UNK is a UNK bay UNK of a colt, not the best UNK but he surely can pace and is right there with them, and sometimes leading them, in the best miles. UNK Freight UNK On UNK is a very rugged, UNK colt with a wonderful stride who has done with ease everything asked of him. His best time is around UNK UNK UNK UNK a UNK UNK colt, knows nothing but pace and has been right there in the best miles. UNK Adios UNK UNK is not so masculine as most of the UNK but I like his type and he certainly is one of the UNK UNK on the grounds. UNK for UNK and laid off three weeks, he is coming along fine and looks like a UNK to me. First UNK UNK UNK UNK looks like a splendid candidate for the Illinois UNK His best time is UNK The colts in UNK stable have little if anything on the UNK especially the UNK UNK Hanover UNK UNK Hanover) is improving with each UNK and paced UNK weeks ago. Mrs& Freight (Knight UNK UNK shows promise and does it in good form, and her best time is about 2:35. UNK (Tar UNK Hanover), a filly that wanted to UNK knocked herself October 31 and November 1 fighting the UNK She was then trained on the trot until December 29, UNK to a breaking cart once around the half-mile track and UNK again. This time she submitted and in a few days was going good. On January 11 she paced a mile in UNK on Jan& 18 UNK on Jan& 21, UNK This filly is a much better individual than either of her UNK UNK Day and UNK more scale and much better UNK She is more like her full brother, UNK Hanover, but larger. Up to date she is a UNK UNK Pete UNK has four promising 2-year-old UNK Marquis Pick UNK UNK UNK seems to be the pick of the stable at the present time. He is a fine-looking colt with a good body, good set of legs and nice way of UNK His best mile to date is UNK UNK Pick comes next, with a mile in UNK This colt is another fine-looking UNK UNK Hanover (Knight UNK Hanover) is a little on the small side but a very compact colt and looks like one to stand training and many future battles with colts in his class. Best time to date is UNK UNK Aside UNK UNK UNK has worked in UNK on the half-mile track and shows promise. Most of Billy UNK 2-year-olds have worked from UNK to 2:35. UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK has gone in 2:36~h; Hickory UNK (Titan UNK Hanover) in 2:35. The first time I saw the latter filly she trotted by me and I noticed such a family resemblance that I said to myself, "that must be Hickory UNK She is a beautiful filly and likes to trot. Hickory Hill (Star's UNK Hanover) has gone in UNK Hickory UNK UNK UNK 2:37~h; UNK Hanover (Tar UNK Hanover) UNK UNK UNK (Faber UNK 2:37~h; Honor Rodney UNK UNK around UNK The UNK is a UNK large colt, who has been unfortunate to be laid off for some time due to UNK He is going sound again now, and looks good. Brief UNK UNK has gone in 2:37~h; UNK UNK (Faber UNK UNK UNK Martha Rodney UNK Martha UNK 2:35~h; UNK (Faber UNK 2:35~h; UNK Rodney UNK UNK 2:37~h; Fair UNK UNK UNK 2:36~h; Custom Maid (Knight UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK 2:36~h; Good Flying UNK UNK Hanover) 2:36~h; UNK Hanover (Tar UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK (Faber UNK Joe UNK 2:36~h; UNK UNK 2:35~h; UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK 2:36~h; Harold J& UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK (Knight UNK UNK UNK 2:36~h; Next Knight (Knight UNK UNK 2:36~h; UNK Jet UNK UNK 2:37~h; UNK Rich UNK UNK Hanover) 2:37~h; Good Little Girl UNK UNK Hanover) 2:36~h; UNK Hanover UNK UNK Hanover) UNK The UNK is one of the favorites in the stable, and the boys like her very much. I will be able to tell you more about this string of UNK in the near future. I have just seen Debonnie and Prompt Time work a mile in UNK last quarter in UNK In going away Debonnie got behind several lengths, UNK at the UNK she is a little UNK They left the three-quarters together and finished almost together. Prompt Time shows class. This filly is another Adios that wants to UNK and trot she did until forced to do otherwise. After well broken and equipped with UNK shoes on behind, UNK in front, she would trot a real storm with the master, UNK UNK Being placed in the hopples she was completely UNK She hesitated, she UNK she roll and UNK skipped and UNK but in some two weeks she started to pace, From that time to this she has shown steady improvement and now looks like one of the UNK things on the grounds. Rain on Friday prevented many UNK but there were a few miles of note on Thursday. Those responsible included UNK Hanover (Star's UNK Hanover), UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Hanover), UNK UNK Hanover UNK UNK Hanover), UNK UNK Freight (Titan UNK Hanover), UNK Laguerre Hanover (Tar UNK Hanover), UNK Monel (Tar UNK UNK UNK Fury Hanover (Hoot UNK 2:30.3-:36; Isaac (Hoot UNK Hanover), 2:30.3-:36; Caper (Hoot UNK Hanover), 2:30.3-:36; UNK Freight (Knight UNK UNK UNK Sam UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK a light bay UNK knows nothing but trot and has worked on the half-mile in UNK UNK UNK UNK has gone in UNK Sam is having his troubles with UNK Hanover UNK UNK Hanover), but hope to have him UNK out and going before long. Jimmy UNK is high on Adios UNK UNK UNK and she sure looks good as she goes by. Her best time to date is about UNK He also likes UNK Hanover (Titan UNK Hanover) UNK UNK J& Hanover (Tar UNK Hanover), formerly called UNK Hanover, has been rather a problem child, but it getting better all the while and can pace a twice around in about UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Hanover) has been in UNK UNK UNK and Neil UNK Miss UNK UNK UNK is a fine-looking filly with good disposition and good UNK and she has worked up to date in UNK UNK UNK UNK FEB& UNK After 52 UNK days, moisture finally came to UNK UNK resulting in but one workout during the week for most of the horses, and leaving us with less than half our total average rainfall during the season. While 2-year-olds are still gaining most of the attention at the track, green horses are starting to go a bit, and Jimmy UNK has several that can really make it. UNK for the week are as follows: UNK UNK 3 (by UNK UNK Demon UNK 3 (by Demon Hanover), Coffee UNK ~p (by Royal UNK and UNK UNK ~p, 3 (by Demon Hanover) in UNK Eddie UNK ~p, 3 (by Duke of UNK UNK C&, ~p (by UNK Hanover) and UNK UNK 5 (by King's UNK in UNK UNK Hanover, ~p, 3 (by UNK in UNK UNK UNK 4 (by Victory UNK in UNK and UNK 3 (by UNK UNK in UNK For the aged UNK Mr& UNK ~p, UNK UNK Thomas, ~p, UNK UNK Signal UNK UNK UNK ~p, UNK and UNK UNK ~p, UNK have been in UNK Miss Demon UNK ~p, UNK has trotted in UNK and is expected to race at this UNK Carter UNK ~p, 3, UNK Great UNK UNK and UNK Jay, ~p, UNK have been in UNK UNK UNK 3, UNK is now wearing hopples and has trained in UNK UNK UNK ~p, UNK Demon UNK ~p, UNK UNK UNK 4, UNK UNK UNK 3, UNK and UNK UNK 4, UNK have been in UNK Maria UNK 2, UNK looked great in UNK UNK Byrd, ~p, UNK has been in UNK with a racing date approaching at Bay UNK UNK UNK has a clever green UNK in Dr& UNK UNK 3 (by Yankee Hanover), his latest mile in UNK Victory Sun, ~p, UNK has trained in UNK Early Sun, ~p, UNK Chester Maid UNK Dark Sun, ~p, UNK and Sun UNK Maid UNK have been in UNK The average reader of this magazine owns more than one gun (we ran a survey to find UNK but he's always on the UNK for new and better arms. He's more than a reader of outdoor UNK he's a real hunter and UNK eager to improve his sport. Well, if you're that kind of UNK we're here to help you. You've probably given a lot of UNK thought to the guns in your UNK but it's not easy to decide on a new one. You still have time to drop a few hints about the gifts you'd appreciate UNK the time to decide on them is now. As a Christmas service, I've taken a close look at this year's crop of new models. Here they are, with my comments and judgments. Read on, take your UNK and start dropping those UNK First on my own list would be two arms- a rifle and a UNK that qualify as new in the UNK sense. For me, a changed barrel length or an improved stock doesn't constitute a truly new design. Such modifications are all for the best but it takes something as different as a Deerstalker or a Jet to change UNK concepts. Bill UNK long-awaited Deerstalker (under UNK is a new rifle action in a caliber that UNK all the modern theory of UNK UNK it's a short, light, UNK UNK little timber gun designed to push a heavy slug at modest velocity but with lots of killing power and ample range for our most popular big game- UNK Ruger reports that on his recent African UNK the little .44 Magnum cartridge was a real work horse. Small UNK were generally UNK with one shot, and the .44 Magnum carbine also UNK UNK UNK and wart UNK with deadly UNK these are fairly large, tough animals. The UNK of the .44 Magnum in a rifle comes as no surprise to me. At least five years ago, Tom Robinson of UNK made up an UNK double rifle for me in this UNK using the now defunct Model 90 action in UNK size. After figuring out how to UNK the barrels so that they shot to the same point of impact, we fired this little UNK job on my home range and in UNK underground test gallery. We quickly ran into the same trouble that plagued Bill Ruger in his first UNK Three or four bullets would be placed well in a UNK bull at 100 yards and then, UNK one could stray far out of the group. Ruger learned that this was because the higher velocity achieved in a long barrel was UNK the shape of the UNK revolver UNK The new, jacketed slug in .44 Magnum corrected this. But even without jacketed bullets, I had enough faith in my double to take it on an UNK deer hunt that first year. Within half an hour I jumped a UNK UNK that UNK through a UNK UNK and I caught him just behind the left UNK at 60 yards. He moved only about 30 feet after the UNK slug hit him- and this was after the bullet had passed through a UNK Three more deer have fallen to this same gun, and all were one-shot UNK My double was made with UNK revolver barrels UNK cutting to revolver UNK and although it compares well in other respects, it's considerably heavier than the UNK which only scales about UNK pounds. If ever a rifle met the needs of the UNK UNK this is it. The Deerstalker points with the ease, speed and precision of a fine imported double UNK and its trigger pull is light and UNK The UNK bullet leaves the muzzle at UNK UNK which gives it all the smash needed at woods ranges. With five shots at the immediate command of the UNK trigger finger, the gun and load are a deadly combination. The second really new development this year was a revolver handling a different sort of UNK UNK the .22 Remington Jet Magnum Center Fire. At present it's available in one model, the fine and familiar Smith + UNK Magnum revolver (about UNK long a UNK UNK among target arms. The velocity of this UNK UNK bullet is rated at a very hot UNK UNK and it's the UNK shooting of any revolver UNK with a UNK rise of about an inch over a UNK range. This is a UNK load, pure and simple; it's much too explosive for small edible game. It can cut a red UNK neatly in two or burst a UNK into a UNK of UNK The most intriguing aspect of the UNK Magnum UNK for the new Jet is that it can also fire standard .22 UNK by means of UNK sleeves in the chambers. You may therefore convert the gun into a UNK and UNK arm, although the difference in the point of impact UNK vs& UNK can be somewhat UNK The accuracy of the Jet cartridge is UNK I tested it in my UNK UNK and it was good enough to allow me to hit a chuck with every shot at 100 yards if I did my part by holding the UNK UNK UNK UNK '61# The fact that the Deerstalker and the Jet were the only completely new designs this year doesn't mean that 1961 didn't see changes in models, actions and UNK Aside from the Ruger UNK a number of hunting rifles have been introduced for the first time. Here are the brands (in alphabetical UNK and the new models. UNK to the American hunter are the Browning group of UNK UNK UNK They have fine UNK actions and a UNK finish on both the metal and the stock wood. UNK weights vary UNK with the various UNK available, and these include the standard UNK (about UNK plus the UNK (around UNK the latter include the UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK rubber recoil pads are standard on all of the UNK except the UNK Stock designs are excellent for use with UNK UNK UNK 1961 rifles are all made with UNK actions, regardless of UNK The UNK have the short UNK the UNK and UNK the medium action, and the UNK **f and the UNK the long action (about $135 for the Standard UNK and $200 for the Custom UNK UNK UNK actions were used for the larger UNK High standard has introduced a .22 auto, the UNK in two UNK field and special UNK than UNK and just over UNK UNK It's a streamlined UNK fast and UNK Among .22 Magnum UNK UNK UNK lone newcomer was the Kodiak Model 260 autoloader (around UNK UNK known as Jefferson UNK Kodiak has given this UNK UNK job an exceptionally fine stock design, and the 260 is the first autoloader to handle .22 Magnum UNK UNK has made two contributions to the harvest of new UNK The Model 99 (under UNK is a UNK streamlined .22 UNK auto with a tubular magazine that holds 18 Long UNK It's extremely accurate for an auto, and the test rifle I tried was completely UNK in functioning. The UNK (about UNK is an even newer .22 auto, this one with a UNK or UNK UNK Once again the UNK Targo outfit has appeared, but this time as a UNK UNK combination. The bore is UNK but is provided with an insert tube which is UNK and which, surprisingly, gives pretty fair accuracy even though it's only 3-1/2 inches long. You can UNK this tube and replace it with a UNK insert for use with .22 UNK to break the little Targo clay targets. A trap for throwing these miniature UNK UNK to the barrel so that the UNK can throw his own targets. A spring trap for solid mounting and a regular hand trap are also available. You can have your choice of a UNK UNK the UNK (about UNK or a UNK the UNK UNK UNK The Targo is a good outfit for fun shooting or for economic UNK practice, but it's tougher than it looks to run up a score on the clay birds. They'll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to break one after it passes the UNK mark. The combination of thin pattern and very tiny UNK makes it necessary to get on the birds, right now! Big Magnum UNK appeared in the Remington line for 1961, with the addition of the UNK and UNK to the list of Model UNK These are made on special order only, in Kodiak grade (about UNK with integral muzzle UNK and heavy rubber recoil UNK they weigh around nine pounds. A shortened version of the highly regarded Remington UNK autoloader also appeared in 1961. This carbine (under UNK about $15 more for a UNK UNK has an UNK barrel and was obviously inspired by the popularity of last year's Model UNK pump with a UNK This design is hard to beat for timber hunting or for packing in a saddle UNK Presently, the UNK is available in **f. The latest versions of the famous UNK Model 99 are the 99 UNK (about UNK and the 99 UNK (under UNK which have a UNK safety and improved trigger design. The replacement of the UNK side safety catch will make this lever-action favorite more appealing than ever since the new safety is easier and faster to UNK UNK UNK '61# A fresh crop of UNK guns showed up in 1961, and they're good bets for your Christmas gift list if you're wondering what to get for a UNK The most unusual of them is the UNK 49 (about UNK $5 for a saddle UNK a lever-action single-shot patterned after the famous Winchester lever-action and featuring the Western look. Because of its traditional lines, it probably has more kid appeal than any other model. The action is a UNK handling all the standard .22 UNK UNK latest is also designed for the beginning UNK although it's a UNK rifle with plenty of barrel weight and ample stock. This is the Model UNK (about UNK it's a single-shot UNK with an automatic UNK i&e&, the safety goes on every time the bolt is lifted and the gun cocked for the next shot. Stock design is UNK and this model is a good first gun. Another boy's model is the .22 single-shot Remington UNK (around UNK which comes with a UNK barrel and a UNK UNK UNK it's just right for a boy of UNK A UNK shotgun has also been introduced this year. The UNK Stevens UNK (under UNK is made with a side lever rather than a UNK lever because many youngsters aren't strong enough to operate a top tang to open a UNK and the side lever does indeed open very easily. This gun has a UNK stock and is available in either 20 or UNK UNK There's another addition to the Stevens line, the UNK Model UNK in UNK (under UNK which you may or may not consider a UNK UNK many experienced hunters like this gauge and type of UNK too. UNK '61# Although there were no startling developments in shotgun design this year, a number of new models and variations of existing models did hit the market. For example, a Browning trap version of the UNK UNK the Broadway (from UNK up, depending on UNK differs from standard models in that it is equipped with a full UNK fore end, a cushion recoil UNK and a UNK UNK UNK for fast UNK The UNK line now includes a new UNK the Standard or Custom UNK Model (about UNK and UNK UNK in 12, 16 and 20. UNK International has introduced another UNK this one from UNK It's the UNK (about UNK a 12-gauge UNK very much like the old Remington UNK which was so fine a gun that today a used one still brings high prices. High Standard has also added two models to its line. The UNK Trophy UNK begin at less than $135 and depend on grade and UNK UNK is a 12-gauge UNK The UNK Trophy UNK at just over UNK is a pump gun in 12 or 16. Either model is a very good dollar value. UNK latest contribution to the field is the Model 500 (from UNK this is an improved version of the old Model UNK a UNK 12-gauge UNK See page 24 for a complete report on it. UNK '61# Aside from the .22 UNK which I coupled with the Deerstalker carbine as one of the year's two biggest UNK few significant innovations appeared among UNK UNK UNK UNK J& UNK UNK UNK had declined considerably by UNK but the sign was still there, near the old Wells UNK building in San Francisco, UNK in the fog as it had for thirty years. John Vernon had had all the patronage he cared for- he had UNK but he could not retire from UNK UNK was in his blood. He had two interests in life: the pleasures of the table and UNK Twice a week he drove his tallyho over the Santa Cruz road, UNK and through the UNK forest, with orchards below him at one hand, and glimpses of the Pacific at the other. The journey back he made along the coast road, traveling UNK every lantern of the tallyho UNK The southward route was the classic run in California, and the most UNK His patronage on this stretch was made up largely of San UNK UNK most of them, and UNK like himself. They did not complain at the inhuman hour of starting UNK in the UNK nor of the UNK which was reasonable since it covered everything but the tobacco. UNK was at the Palace Hotel, luncheon was somewhere in the mountain forest, and dinner was either at UNK Creek or at Santa UNK UNK too long at the scenery could be UNK so UNK were contrived between UNK Then the Chinese UNK who rode with Vernon on the box, would break open a hamper and produce UNK of UNK bass or UNK UNK pickled eggs, and a UNK UNK to be heated over a spirit UNK In spring and in autumn the run was made for a group of UNK which included an old friend of mine. They gathered roots, UNK odd UNK leaves, and bits of resin from the rare Santa Lucia UNK which exists only on a forty-five mile strip on the UNK side of these mountains. In the Spanish days UNK monks UNK here to collect the resin for UNK It yields a fragrance as UNK as that of the UNK of UNK Vernon was UNK on the UNK field trips, but he could arrange no schedule with the UNK and he was glad when the trips dropped off, and the UNK began to motor out by themselves. My friend often UNK with Vernon on the morning of the regular tallyho run. This was an honor, like dining with a captain at his private table. Vernon's office UNK the stable, and the walls were UNK with brightly colored UNK the folk art of the period. They advertised harness UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Green River UNK UNK UNK patent UNK shoe UNK and chewing tobacco. The UNK would have the table ready and a pot of coffee UNK on the UNK then a porter from Manning's Fish House would trot in with a tray on his head. It was draped with UNK UNK that kept hot a UNK of oyster salt roast and a mound of corn UNK Vernon was UNK fond of UNK and Manning's had been famous for them since the Civil War. UNK salt UNK oysters on the half UNK cooked on a bed of coarse salt that kept them hot when UNK was a UNK at UNK Its early morning patrons were UNK who fortified themselves for the day with that UNK In the UNK the Palace Hotel began serving an oyster dish named after its manager, John C& UNK This dish much resembles the oysters Rockefeller made famous by UNK in New Orleans, though the Palace chef announced it as a variant of Manning's roast oysters. UNK have long argued about which came first, the UNK or UNK UNK held as mandatory a UNK of UNK or UNK on the UNK or UNK which was used for the UNK The UNK version holds UNK as UNK UNK however, held out for plain oyster UNK and plenty of it, UNK by UNK or any UNK but salt, though he did fancy a bit of UNK After the meal, he and his guests went out to inspect the UNK this was merely a ritual, to please all hands concerned. The tallyho had cost Vernon UNK A UNK of two coaches made in England for the UNK Club in the East, and UNK west of the UNK it was the despair of UNK on the Santa Cruz run. One could shave in the reflection of its UNK panels, and its UNK were UNK like those of UNK UNK The horses were UNK to a high UNK UNK they stepped solemnly with knees lifted to the UNK for they had been trained to drag at important UNK But for the start of the Santa Cruz run, the whip fell. The clients UNK the tallyho at the Palace promptly at UNK They had been fed a hunting breakfast, so called because a UNK the dish identified with fox hunting, was on the bill. There are many ways of making a UNK every one of which is right. Here is an original UNK recipe from the Family UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK (for UNK a cupful of cold boiled UNK mix with a cupful of cooked UNK two minced UNK eggs, some UNK white sauce done with cream, UNK pepper, salt, a pinch of UNK a tablespoonful of minced onion UNK and a bit of UNK Heat and serve hot on UNK ## The UNK named for Ernest UNK the UNK UNK was even more in demand. For decades it was the most popular dish served in the UNK UNK at breakfast, and it is one of the few old Palace dishes that still survive. UNK California UNK salty and UNK as UNK as UNK and not much larger than a UNK piece, went into it. The original formula goes thus: UNK UNK UNK in butter a small minced onion, rub with a tablespoonful of flour, add half a cup of cream, six beaten eggs, pepper, celery salt, a UNK of minced UNK a dash of UNK and a pinch of UNK A UNK of dry Sherry follows, and as the mixture UNK in go a hundred of the little oysters. Louis Sherry once stayed a UNK at the Palace, and he was so pleased with UNK UNK that he introduced it at his restaurant in New York. J& UNK Morgan had come in his private train to San Francisco, to attend an Episcopal convention, and brought the UNK with him. As things happened, Morgan was installed in the UNK Hill residence of a UNK friend, whose kitchen swarmed with cooks of approved talent. Sherry remained in his hotel UNK where he amused himself as best he could. Twice he left everything to his UNK and fled to make the Santa Cruz tour under Vernon's guidance. In the grand court of the Palace, notable for its tiers of UNK UNK that looked down on the UNK of vehicles below, Vernon's station was at the entrance. It was a post of honor, held UNK for him; he had the primacy among the UNK Of majestic UNK UNK and UNK he resembled the late General UNK UNK who was said to be the most imposing general of his century, if not of all centuries. Vernon wore a gray tall UNK a UNK and UNK UNK boots that UNK like UNK UNK UNK at seven he would UNK out of the court with twelve in the UNK He had style: he held his reins in a loose bunch at the third button of his checked UNK UNK and when the horses leaned at a curve, as if bent by the force of a UNK he leaned with them. They UNK down the UNK not UNK until the coach reached Woodside where the Santa Cruz UNK begin. The road maps of the region have changed since UNK UNK have burned down, moved elsewhere, or taken other names. Once on the road (and especially if the passengers were all UNK and UNK the schedule meant nothing. An agreeable ease suffused Vernon and the passengers of the UNK from which there issued clouds of smoke. Vernon would tilt his hat over one ear as he UNK with his feet on the UNK UNK in a huge UNK The horses moved at a UNK they were no more on parade than was their UNK one fork of the road was as good as another. The Santa Cruz mountains UNK over three counties, and the roads twist through UNK UNK down whose UNK columns UNK streams of rain, even when heat UNK the Santa Clara valley below at the left. The water UNK into UNK tracts of UNK You arrive there in UNK and feel you were UNK not to bring a UNK Vernon kept an account book with a list of all the establishments that he thought worthy of UNK A number of them must have fallen into UNK they were struck out with remarks in red UNK denouncing both the cooks and the management. He was UNK in his praise of those that served food that was good to eat. The horses seemed to know these by UNK he used to say: such places invariably had UNK with superior feed UNK There was UNK for one, lost amongst trees, its wide UNK strewn with UNK Many of its UNK were devoted to UNK and quiet, and lived there to the end of their days. It was the haunt of writer UNK UNK who admired its UNK UNK from the great UNK fed the small black UNK UNK to UNK whose UNK UNK were UNK Their ham UNK cured in UNK smoke, were also esteemed when roasted or UNK and served with this original UNK UNK UNK UNK Put into a UNK a cupful of the baked ham UNK or of the boiled ham liquor, with a half stick of butter, three UNK of made mustard, and two UNK UNK UNK UNK also an onion, a peeled tomato and two pickled UNK and a UNK UNK After this has UNK an hour, add two tablespoons each of UNK UNK and UNK two pickled UNK and a pint of UNK Then UNK fifteen minutes longer. ## Every winter a UNK of this sauce was made and placed at the end of a row of four other UNK in the UNK so that when its turn came, it was properly UNK UNK and orchards also grew around UNK and deer were rather a UNK they leaped UNK fences with the agility of UNK But no one complained when they wound up, regardless of season, in UNK UNK No one complained of the white wine UNK at this UNK of two thousand feet, grapes acquire a UNK and the tang of UNK (The UNK vineyards have now climbed to this UNK UNK trees grew there also. Though UNK in the Santa Cruz mountains flow UNK the year round and it is forever spring, the apples that grow there have a UNK UNK UNK UNK preferred to get their apple UNK at the local UNK which had a brick UNK fired with UNK UNK The merit of the pie, Vernon believed, was due more to its making than to the UNK heat of the UNK The recipe, which he got from the UNK and wrote down in his UNK is basically this: UNK UNK UNK UNK core, and slice across enough apples to make a dome in the pie tin, and set UNK In a UNK put sufficient water to cover them, an equal amount of sugar, a sliced UNK a tablespoonful of UNK preserve or UNK a pinch each of UNK and UNK and a large bay UNK Let this boil gently for twenty minutes, then strain. UNK the apples in this syrup for twelve minutes, drain them, and cool. Set the apples in the UNK tin, spread over them three UNK of softened butter, with as much brown sugar, a sprinkling of UNK and a fresh bay UNK then lay on a cover of UNK and UNK it with beaten UNK of UNK THOSE UNK have never traveled the width and length of this land cannot UNK on the basis of textbook description alone, the overwhelming space and variety of this country held together under one government. The miracle of democratic America comes home to one most strongly only when one has seen the endless Great Plains of the UNK the UNK peaks of the Northwest UNK the UNK UNK UNK life of the great cities of the UNK the lush and historic charm of the South. Now, to add to the already UNK extremes found in one nation, we have the two new states of Hawaii and UNK To hope to cover just one region of this land and to enjoy all of its sights and events and, of course, to bring back pictures of your experiences, requires advance planning. For this reason, <U&S& UNK has prepared this special UNK vacation feature. We divided the country into five regions plus Hawaii and Alaska and in each is included a general description of the area plus specific recommendations of places and events to cover. Any special photographic requirements are also given. Use this section to plan now to make the most of your vacation in UNK America. #THE UNK UNK of the nation, the Northeast offers historic UNK lovely old villages and a rugged seashore among its many worthwhile UNK The rolling farms of Maryland, the UNK metropolis of New York City, the UNK mountains of Vermont can all be included in your Northeast vacation. By automobile from New York, for example, you can take a one or two-day tour to UNK Maryland to see the colonial homes and the U&S& Naval Academy (where you can shoot the dress parade on UNK to Washington, D&C&, for an UNK tour of the UNK or to UNK UNK the center of the Pennsylvania Dutch country; Philadelphia with its historic buildings and nearby Valley UNK to West Point, N&Y&, the famous military academy in a beautiful setting on the Hudson River. New England deserves as much of your vacation time as you can afford with such areas as Cape Cod providing wonderful beaches, artists' colonies and quaint UNK From here you can easily include a side trip to the old UNK port of Nantucket, Massachusetts, which looks just as it must have two centuries ago. At UNK UNK Massachusetts, you'll find a UNK New England town. North to UNK National Park, Maine, with views of a UNK coast and dark, magnificent forests. One of the most exciting ways to end a Northeast vacation would be with a week in New York City. UNK through New England, stopping for a visit to Lake Champlain where you can take a boat ride and go to Ethan Allen Park. There you'll witness a view which includes the UNK UNK and the Winooski River. Now you're ready for a UNK UNK tour of America's most exciting city. The UNK the bridges, Broadway, and the Staten Island UNK are only a few of the spots to put on your UNK list for New York City. UNK IN THE UNK Some tips for shooting in UNK UNK In New York City don't miss coverage of the United Nations. These UNK UNK buildings on the East River are open to the public and every UNK guided tours are available. Pictures can be taken in the public areas and when on UNK However, the use of UNK is not allowed. Photos of Conference UNK and the General Assembly Hall can be made when these rooms are not being used for meetings. UNK is UNK subject to above restrictions. Around New England, you'll no doubt want a color shot of one of the picturesque UNK Be careful here not to UNK this subject since they are extremely bright and UNK In color, UNK of a second between **f and **f will do for bright, UNK UNK #THE UNK THE UNK United States, extending from Florida in the east to Texas in the west, still maintains its unique flavor of gracious living and historical UNK It UNK in its expanse areas where the natural beauty encourages a vacation of quiet UNK on the one hand, to places where entertainment and UNK of all sorts have been provided for the tourist with camera. Of special interest this anniversary year of the war between the states are the many Civil War UNK where, likely as not, you'll catch some memorial UNK Among the locales to visit are UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Richmond, UNK Petersburg, Virginia, and UNK Virginia. Florida provides tropical scenes UNK in the United States. At UNK Gardens special UNK are set up for photographers at UNK shows and lovely models pose for pictures in garden settings. UNK Springs features UNK boat rides and in UNK National Park there are opportunities to photograph rare UNK Miami Beach and surroundings feature fabulous UNK UNK UNK beaches plus the Miami UNK and UNK UNK One of the most delightful spots in a southern tour is the city of New Orleans. The famous old French and Spanish buildings with their elaborate UNK iron UNK and the narrow streets of the Latin UNK present an Old World scene. For restoration of early American life the places to visit are UNK UNK and UNK Virginia. Another Virginia sight and a photographic adventure are the UNK UNK lit by UNK The great state of Texas offers metropolitan attractions such as the Dallas Fair Park with its art and natural history museums. In contrast are the vast open stretches of ranch country and oil UNK In San Antonio visit the famous UNK and photograph 18th Century Spanish buildings and churches. The Great Smoky Mountains is another area of the South well worth a visit. Along the UNK route through Great Smoky Mountains National Park you can photograph the breath-taking UNK UNK and valleys which come into view at every turn. UNK Tennessee, is the center of this area. Another scenic spot in Tennessee is UNK where the Rock City Gardens are not to be missed. UNK homes and gardens are UNK of the South and cities particularly noted for them are UNK UNK UNK UNK and Savannah, UNK At UNK Va&, shoot Monticello and the beautiful buildings of the University. UNK THE UNK Foliage is the outstanding photo subject in many of the Southern locales mentioned above and some specific tips on how and where to shoot it are in order. For example, the Chamber of Commerce of UNK Tennessee, sponsors special camera tours into the Great Smoky Mountains to get pictures of the UNK of wild flowers UNK in these wooded regions. UNK problems may occur in these forest areas where UNK lighting results from UNK of sunlight filtering through the overhead branches. Best solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or UNK In any instance, you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area. Try some UNK on Southern blossoms to provide a welcome contrast with the many UNK UNK you'll be making. For shooting the interiors of the famous ante-bellum Southern mansions make sure your equipment includes a UNK Enough daylight is usually available from the windows, but if you have UNK UNK use it. For some unusual photographic subjects, if your vacation takes you nearby, try these UNK the UNK auto race in UNK N& C&, on May UNK the Florida UNK Festival, White Springs, May UNK UNK on the Mountain in UNK North Carolina, on June 25. UNK action photography is your goal at Miami's UNK and the UNK Gardens UNK events. #THE UNK A UNK start to your midwestern vacation is a few days spent in UNK Chicago. Lake Michigan offers swimming and pictures which combine UNK with UNK A visit to Chicago's museums and a stroll around broad Michigan Avenue will UNK many UNK subjects to the alert UNK Wisconsin UNK where UNK scenic rocks carved by the Wisconsin River are overgrown with UNK and other UNK rates a UNK when traveling from Chicago. The UNK forming the heart of America stretch out across the Midwest from Chicago. In North Dakota the strangely beautiful UNK will challenge you to translate its wonder on to film. While here, visit Theodore Roosevelt National Park for its spectacular scenery. Another spot with an UNK name is the Black Hills where you can visit the old frontier mining town of UNK The Black Hills UNK Play is produced every summer and is a UNK worth seeing and shooting. Of course, while in this vicinity you won't want to miss a visit to Mount UNK National Memorial where on the side of a mountain are the famous sculptures of Presidents Washington, Lincoln, Jefferson and Theodore Roosevelt. In Missouri (which we are including in our general Midwest UNK you can glance into Mark UNK birthplace at UNK see the landmarks of his life and writings and UNK where UNK UNK UNK his UNK UNK Similarly in Illinois there is Lincoln country to be UNK his tomb and other UNK Minnesota, fabled land of waters, is in itself, ideal UNK having within its borders 10,000 UNK UNK State Park, where the Mississippi River UNK is one of the outstanding tourist spots in Minnesota. UNK of the Old West recall the days of UNK UNK in Dodge City, UNK where present-day cowboys add a colorful human interest note to your vacation shooting. Of current interest is UNK Kansas, the birthplace of UNK Eisenhower. There's a museum here and also Old UNK UNK a reconstruction of the cattle UNK of the UNK and UNK For a resort area, UNK Island, Michigan, is the place to visit. It truly UNK another age for the inhabitants use UNK rather than UNK and old British and French forts are left intact for tourists to visit and record. UNK OF THE UNK UNK scenes will add an exciting touch to your vacation UNK and what better place to take them then along Chicago's Lake Shore UNK Just after sunset is a good time to record the city lights in color since you get a UNK light from the sky. Another UNK for UNK bring your camera along to museums. Photos of historic UNK of the area you visit will add depth and background to your vacation photo story. Again, be sure your UNK is handy for those UNK time UNK Special events and their dates which will make interesting shooting in the Midwest area, include the following: A UNK of the Battle of Lexington, May 18th at Lexington, UNK the UNK UNK auto race at UNK Indiana, plus a festival from May UNK UNK of UNK in UNK Illinois, from June 20 to UNK Michigan offers the lovely UNK Festival in Holland, Michigan, May UNK the UNK Open in Birmingham from June UNK and the International Freedom Festival in Detroit, June UNK 4. For early UNK there's the UNK Fishing Derby in Hot Springs, Arkansas, April UNK and the Arkansas UNK Festival in Hot Springs, April UNK #THE UNK A UNK UNK is practically synonymous with a visit to at least one of the magnificent national parks in this area. A tour of several of them is possible in a UNK vacation while a stay at just one of these natural beauty spots can be of equal UNK In California is located one of the most popular of the national UNK UNK Among its most spectacular features are its UNK the highest being Upper UNK which drops UNK feet. The UNK Grove presents another unique aspect of UNK for these ancient giant trees are a sight never to be forgotten. In the Utah area are UNK National Park and UNK Canyon National Park. UNK colors are to be seen in the UNK formations of eroded rock which loom out of the UNK country in both UNK UNK Grand UNK probably the most famous UNK of the United States, can be the UNK of your Western vacation. UNK UNK seven hills, UNK like Rome, is one of the most ancient cities in the world, filled with UNK and contrast. It is an exotic place, so different from the ordinary that the casual tourist is likely to see at first only the contrast and the ugliness of narrow streets lined with UNK houses. At the moment, many of these are being pulled down. UNK blocks are disappearing and more are scheduled to vanish to make room for wide UNK that will show off its treasures to better UNK the great domes and graceful spires of its UNK the panorama of the UNK and the Golden UNK Even when they are finished, however, the contrast will remain, for UNK is the only city in the world that is built upon two UNK For almost 3,000 years Europe and Asia have rubbed shoulders in its streets. UNK in the Ninth Century B&C& it was called UNK 200 years later when UNK UNK of the UNK expanded the settlement and named it after himself. About a thousand years after that, when the Roman Empire was UNK it became capital of the Eastern section. On May 11, 330 UNK its name was changed again, this time to UNK after its UNK UNK In UNK when the last UNK of ancient Roman power fell to the UNK the city officially shifted UNK although the UNK or Pope, of the Orthodox Church continued to live there, and still UNK and became the capital of the Ottoman UNK When UNK was broken up after the First World War, its name was changed once more. Rich in Christian and Moslem art, UNK is today a fascinating museum of East and West that recently became a UNK resort as well with the development of new beaches on the UNK and the Sea of UNK only a short distance from the center of town. UNK to get to, and becoming more popular every year, it is only fourteen hours from New York by UNK American World UNK UNK four hours from Rome. UNK OF UNK Most of the sights lie in the old section across the Golden Horn from the modern UNK I started my tour of them at the Turkish Government UNK Office, next to UNK UNK office on the left as you enter the driveway that leads to the Hilton Hotel. From there I turned left along UNK UNK past more hotels and a park on the left, Republic UNK and came in a few moments to UNK Square, one of the UNK of the city, with the UNK of the UNK erected in 1928, in its center. Directly across from the Gardens I found a bus stop sign for ~T 4 and rode it down to the UNK with the sports center on my left just before I reached the water and the entrance to UNK Palace immediately after that. There the bus turned right along the UNK past ocean UNK at UNK to UNK Bridge over the entrance to the Golden Horn, a brown sweep of water that empties into the UNK Across the bridge on the left I saw St& Sophia with its sturdy brown UNK and to the right of them the UNK spires of the Blue UNK On the other side of the Golden Horn I rode through UNK Square, with UNK UNK or the New UNK which dates from the UNK Century, just across from the entrance to the bridge. Passing it, the bus climbed a hill, with the covered spice bazaar on the right and UNK a famous and excellent restaurant, above it. At the top of the hill the buildings on the left gave way to a park. I got off there, crossed the street, walked ahead with St& Sophia on my left, the Blue Mosque on my right, and in a moment came to the entrance of St& UNK UNK on the site of UNK UNK and three previous St& UNK the first of which was begun by Constantine, this fourth church was started by Justinian in UNK and completed twenty years later. On his first trip to the finished structure he boasted that he had built a temple UNK than UNK in UNK A few years later the dome fell in. Nevertheless, it remained one of the most splendid churches of the Eastern Empire, where the Byzantine UNK were UNK After the Turks conquered the city in UNK they converted it to a UNK adding the UNK UNK In the second half of the UNK Century, UNK the great architect who is the Michelangelo of the East, designed the massive UNK that now help support the UNK With the birth of the Turkish Republic after the First World War, St& Sophia became a museum, and the ancient UNK which were UNK over by the UNK whose religion forbids pictures in holy places, have been restored. Inside over the first door I saw one of these, which shows Constantine offering the city to the Virgin Mary and Justinian offering the UNK On the columns around the immense dome are round plaques with Arabic writing. The eight green columns, I learned, came from the Temple of UNK at UNK the others, red, from the Temple of the Sun at UNK UNK the dome I saw the spot where the Byzantine UNK were UNK a bit of floor protected now by a wooden fence. Behind this is a UNK or Moslem pulpit and near it a raised platform with golden UNK where the UNK and, after them, the UNK UNK Directly opposite is the UNK door, through which they entered the building. Outside St& Sophia I walked through the flower garden in front of it, with the Blue Mosque ahead on my left. Across the street on my right I saw the Hippodrome, now a park. It was laid out in UNK for UNK races and other public games. UNK and other monuments that stood there were UNK mostly by the waves of UNK At the beginning of the UNK I saw the Kaiser's Fountain, an ugly UNK building with a glass dome, built in UNK by the German UNK and on my left, directly across from it, the tomb of Sultan UNK who constructed the Blue UNK more properly known by his name. Just before coming to the UNK entrance I crossed the street, entered the Hippodrome, and walked ahead to the UNK of UNK originally erected in UNK in Egypt about UNK B&C& by UNK who also built those now in New York, London and Rome at the UNK This one was set up here in UNK A&D& on a UNK the faces of which are carved with statues of the emperor and his family watching games in the Hippodrome, done so realistically that the obelisk itself is included in them. Beyond it I noted a small green column, about twelve feet below the present ground level- the UNK Column, three UNK UNK which once stood at the Temple of UNK at UNK UNK Near the end of the UNK I came upon the UNK Column, a UNK obelisk of blocks, all that remains of a monument that once UNK the UNK of UNK UNK UNK UNK my steps to the Mosque of Sultan UNK only one with six UNK I entered the UNK with a gallery supported by pointed arches running around it and a fountain in the UNK One of the most beautiful buildings in UNK it was constructed in the early years of the UNK Century, with a huge central dome, two half domes that seem to UNK down from it, and smaller full domes around the gallery. The round UNK tall and UNK rise from rectangular bases and have three UNK from which the UNK can UNK his call to prayer. UNK the walls are covered with blue and white tile, the floor with red and cream UNK Back at the Kaiser's Fountain, I walked left to the streetcar stop and rode up the UNK any car will do- past the Column of Constantine, also known as the UNK Column, at the top on my right. It stands in the middle of what was once the UNK of Constantine, who brought it from Rome. I stayed on the car for a few minutes until, turning right, it entered a huge square, UNK with the UNK Mosque on the right and the gate to the university just beyond it. There I got off, crossed the square, and on the side directly opposite the gate found a good restaurant, hard to come by in this part of the city. Called the UNK UNK it is on the third floor, with signs pointing the way there, and has a terrace UNK the Sea of UNK After lunch, in the UNK on my left just before reaching the street I found a pastry shop that sells some of the best UNK a sweet, UNK UNK in UNK It's a great favorite of the university students, and I joined them there for UNK Taking the streetcar back to Kaiser's Fountain, I walked ahead, then left down the street opposite St& Sophia and just beyond the corner came to a small, one-story building with a UNK roof, which is the entrance to the UNK UNK Actually an underground UNK its roof supported by rows and rows of UNK it was built by Justinian in the Sixth Century to supply the palace with water. There is still water in it. I found it fairly UNK and emerged almost immediately. Outside I walked past the entrance to St& UNK turned left at the end of it, and continued toward a gate in the wall ahead. Just before reaching it I came to a grey and brown stone building that looks somewhat like an Oriental UNK with Arabic UNK in gold and colored tile UNK the UNK of Sultan UNK Going through the Imperial Gate in the wall, I entered the grounds of UNK Palace, home of the UNK and nerve center of the vast Ottoman Empire, and walked along a road toward another gate in the distance, past the Church of St& UNK completed by Constantine in 330 A&D& on my left, and then, just outside the second gate, I saw a spring with a tap in the wall on my UNK the UNK UNK where he washed his hands and his sword after UNK his UNK Passing through the gate, with towers on either side once used as UNK I entered a huge square surrounded by buildings, and on the wall to my right found a general plan of the grounds, with explanations in English for each building. There are a good many of them. At one time about 10,000 people lived there. Following UNK UNK I UNK right toward the former kitchens, complete with UNK which now house one of the world's greatest collections of Chinese UNK and a fabulous array of silver dinner services. Next to it is a copper section, with cooking UNK and a figure of the chief cook in an elaborate, UNK UNK In the court once more, I went right toward the Reception House, a long one-story building with a deep UNK Going through a door into another small court, I had the UNK Room directly in front. I walked to the right around it to buildings containing illuminated manuscripts and came to the Treasury, which houses such things as coffee cups covered with diamonds, UNK UNK rifles glittering with UNK and huge UNK UNK as large as small UNK on which the UNK sat UNK They are made of gold and covered with UNK UNK and other UNK Taking the path behind the UNK Room to the building directly beyond it, the UNK UNK I went right at the end of it, through a garden to a small building at the back- a sitting room furnished with low blue UNK its floor covered with UNK its ceiling painted with gold squares and floral designs. UNK start fires one or two hours ahead of time to obtain a lasting bed of glowing coals. Keep ashes from one barbecue to the next to sprinkle over coals if they are too UNK and to stop flames that arise from melting UNK <Do> line barbecue fire bowl with heavy foil to reflect heat. <Don't> forget to buy a plastic pastry brush for UNK with UNK Clean it meticulously in boiling water and UNK rinse thoroughly. <Do> build a wall of glowing coals six to eight inches in front of meat that is UNK on an electric UNK Make use of the back of the barbecue or of the hood for heating UNK sauces and such. <Don't> fail to UNK cooking time by the use of aluminum foil cut slightly larger than the surface of UNK and UNK UNK on both sides then cover meat loosely with heat reflecting foil for UNK results. <Do> avoid UNK or cutting into meats to test them. If doubtful about a UNK boldly cut it in half. If necessary to replace both UNK on UNK UNK cuts and UNK extra time. For UNK insert meat thermometer diagonally so it does not rest on bone. Also make sure thermometer does not touch the revolving spit or hit the coals. <Don't> practice a new recipe on guests. Have a UNK on the family first, to be sure timing and UNK are right. <Do> buy meat the day or the day before you intend to cook it. Keep it no longer than 36 hours before cooking, and keep it in the UNK (but UNK compartment of the UNK <Don't> plan meals that are too UNK UNK yourself to good meat and drink, with bread, UNK corn or potatoes as accessories. Keep the UNK simple; fruit does UNK <Do> whatever kitchen work, such as fixing a UNK preparing UNK bread, or making a UNK sauce, ahead of time. When you start the outdoor performance, you can stay UNK without a dozen running trips into the kitchen. (This goes for getting a drink tray UNK and for having a big cooler full of ice on hand long before the party UNK <Don't> think you have to start with the most expensive equipment in the world. The simplest grill UNK UNK or inexpensive hibachi can make you a UNK You need UNK to handle UNK long UNK for turning potatoes and UNK heavy foil on hand at all times. And lots of hot UNK <Do> keep the grill high enough above the fire so that when fat from meat UNK down and UNK up, flames cannot reach the meat. <Don't> forget to have a supply of UNK plates, UNK UNK UNK and UNK for outdoor use. UNK of the world's UNK unbreakable plastic, UNK UNK comes in almost 400 different patterns and dozens of colors. There is even one set that has UNK written on it. <Do> without fancy UNK It's cheaper to buy UNK and cover your outdoor table. Or buy half a dozen lengths of UNK and change patterns for different kinds of UNK UNK only costs about UNK a yard for the very best. UNK than plastic, it wears well. <Don't> UNK when you take to the hills or the UNK that your UNK which you might have used for UNK or UNK on your terrace or back yard, is indispensable for carrying liquid UNK There are many varieties of UNK and they serve many purposes. With them, you can carry UNK and UNK at refrigerator temperatures, and also get your frozen food for UNK and UNK to the marina or UNK in UNK condition. <Do> use paper UNK lots of them. Except when you prepare "do it UNK UNK UNK or a UNK UNK Then you'll want UNK cloth UNK for UNK up. <Don't> think barbecue cooking is just UNK or UNK It's UNK and everywhere. In the winter, hibachi in the kitchen or grill over the UNK of the fireplace. Even use your portable electric or gas grill in the winter, inside. UNK UNK outside, is a natural. You'll find, once your technique is UNK that you can cook on a boat with a simple UNK <Do> buy UNK UNK or UNK Get copper or UNK UNK that keep beer chilled or soup UNK Be sure to get a few more than you need. You will discover you keep the sauce for UNK meat in one, use six for drinks, serve soup or coffee in another UNK and need one more to mix the salad UNK <Don't> forget the joys of a meal on the road. If you travel over the vast UNK you will, no doubt, discover that feeding is an expensive business. UNK in the beginning to put your barbecue equipment to work. You <can> take it with you **h a picnic bag, a UNK a cooler for soft drinks and beer, and for frozen convenience foods. UNK in a restaurant or motel UNK and UNK or just UNK Turn off at any one of the marked picnic areas UNK companies have touring service UNK that issue UNK on national parks to tell you where you have barbecue UNK and- with soft drinks cooled from morning loading up, UNK buns, an array of UNK and fresh UNK your lunch is 75% cheaper than at a restaurant, and 100% more fun. You need a little UNK a coffee pot and a UNK UNK maybe a UNK a UNK of UNK like salt, pepper, plates, UNK knives and a can UNK As you pull out of your motel or national park UNK visit a market and buy just what you need for the next meal. For UNK load up the cooler with ice and keep cool pop in the car. UNK UNK UNK UNK is a fact of life in the UNK You only have to think of franks and sausages to know what I mean. Go a step further and list all the wonderful barbecue UNK UNK UNK Vienna UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and you have a long list of easy UNK UNK on a UNK with new boiled potatoes, a bit of green pepper, a fresh white UNK any one of these spiced meats makes a man a UNK and a meal a UNK UNK for the most of us, a frankfurter is the UNK A story goes that a certain Herr UNK of St& Louis, around 1883 served his sausages UNK and mustard to his fancy customers. So that his customers should not soil their hands, UNK issued white UNK UNK that the UNK frequently left with the customers made the wise peddler of spiced UNK come upon a compromise. He had a UNK make buns sized to fit his UNK Years later, UNK were accepted as the UNK to UNK at the New York Polo UNK The UNK number one picnic treat is the skinless UNK UNK over a bonfire on the beach or, more UNK charcoal UNK on a portable UNK Either way it's hard to beat in flavor as well as ease of preparation. To make the picnic frank come close to UNK remember these UNK UNK each frankfurter in four or five places about a third of the way through. This permits the UNK to UNK the meat during cooking. UNK are as vital to the success of the frank as are UNK UNK along the conventional UNK UNK UNK UNK mustard, UNK plus a few UNK such as UNK barbecue sauce, UNK cream UNK or UNK for the brave ones in the crowd. UNK a portable grill permits you to toast the buns, too. UNK closely while UNK them, as it doesn't take long. UNK unusual flavor can be achieved by UNK the franks in French dressing or a mixture of honey, lemon juice and brown sugar prior to the UNK UNK or toast as usual. Contrary to popular opinion, "a la UNK doesn't mean "with ice UNK it just means, in the latest style. Here are a couple of the UNK highly styled ways to fix skinless franks in your own back UNK You'll have the UNK eyes UNK as well as their mouths UNK UNK UNK {1 cup chili sauce UNK cup water 1 tablespoon barbecue sauce 2 teaspoons prepared mustard 1/2 pound UNK spiced ham 6 sandwich buns, UNK Combine first 4 ingredients in UNK heat thoroughly. Add UNK heat. Serve on UNK Makes 6 UNK UNK UNK UNK You'll never hear UNK the Japanese word for UNK from your guests when you give a hibachi party. The fun of UNK their own sausages over the small Oriental charcoal UNK and UNK them in UNK sauces will keep your group UNK try it and UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK {1 large onion, UNK fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 UNK can crushed pineapple and 1/2 cup of the juice 1/4 cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK tablespoons dry mustard Water 1/2 cup heavy cream, whipped Salt UNK UNK canned cocktail franks with UNK Also spear pineapple UNK and place in separate bowl. Make sauces ahead. UNK sauce can be kept warm over a second hibachi or UNK dish while charcoal in UNK is reaching glowing coal stage. UNK cream, used as alternate dip for franks and pineapple UNK tastes best when served at room temperature. For UNK sauce, cook onion in oil until UNK Add remaining ingredients and bring to a UNK UNK about 10 minutes, and keep warm for UNK To prepare mustard cream, blend mustard with enough water to make a thin UNK UNK into whipped cream and add a dash of salt and sprinkling of UNK UNK A UNK picnic with UNK frankfurters and a selection of frankfurter trimmings is a fine way to entertain guests this summer. Be sure to have plenty of frankfurters and buns on hand. Some UNK frank UNK are chili con UNK Coney Island sauce and UNK UNK Serve the chili and UNK hot with the UNK Here are suggestions for the frankfurter UNK _1._ UNK con UNK use canned chili con UNK _2._ Coney Island UNK finely UNK several UNK and add enough UNK to UNK UNK add prepared mustard to suit taste. _3._ UNK UNK add several tablespoons of brown sugar to a can of UNK Add a few UNK UNK too, if you'd like. UNK UNK UNK cup minced celery 1/4 cup minced onion 1/2 cup tomato UNK 1/2 cup water 1/4 cup vinegar 2 tablespoons brown sugar 1 tablespoon UNK sauce 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1/2 teaspoon salt 8 UNK Combine first 9 ingredients in UNK UNK 15 minutes. UNK frankfurters with UNK place in UNK UNK UNK 15 minutes, stirring UNK until sauce is of desired consistency. Serve in frankfurter buns or as a meat UNK Makes 8 UNK or 4 UNK UNK UNK Make UNK UNK on one side of skinless UNK UNK 4 or 5 UNK in each UNK ham fashion. Make a paste of brown sugar and mustard and spread lightly over scored surface. If desired, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed UNK Place on rectangle of foil and pinch edges together UNK UNK on grill over coals UNK minutes. UNK UNK UNK 2 cups UNK mix with UNK cup milk to make a soft UNK UNK on lightly UNK board and roll out to form a UNK UNK Spread dough with a mixture of 3 tablespoons chili sauce, 1 teaspoon UNK and 2 teaspoons UNK Cut dough carefully into 12 UNK about UNK inch by a foot long. UNK one strip diagonally around each skinless UNK UNK dough at ends to seal it. Brush frankfurter twists with about 1/2 cup melted butter and toast slowly over glowing coals until dough is golden brown. UNK 12. UNK UNK WITH UNK {1 pound ground beef 2 teaspoons UNK onion UNK of pepper 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 cup UNK UNK 1/4 cup ice cold UNK Combine UNK form into UNK and barbecue 5 minutes on each side. UNK UNK are written for those who have had previous experience in making pottery. Instructions for preparing clay, drying, UNK and firing are not given. UNK Basic pottery studio equipment. UNK butter molds and UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK red, white or UNK UNK clay for UNK UNK UNK ceramic colors, UNK UNK as indicated in the individual instructions. #GENERAL UNK Use UNK clay, free of air bubbles and UNK enough to bend without UNK Clean wooden molds and presses UNK they must be free of oil, wax and dust. UNK UNK The size of wooden mold will determine the amount of clay needed. UNK clay to thickness indicated in individual instructions. Whenever possible, use the wooden mold as a pattern for cutting clay. When mold has more than one design cavity, make individual paper patterns. Place mold or paper pattern on rolled clay and cut clay by holding knife in vertical position UNK more pieces than required for project to make allowance for UNK experiment with defects for decoration techniques of UNK and UNK Place the cut clay piece loosely over the carved cavity design side of wooden mold. To obtain clear impression of mold, press clay gently but firmly into mold cavity, starting at center and working to outer edges. Trim excess clay away from outer edges. Check thickness of clay and build up thin areas by UNK surface with a little water and adding small pieces of clay. Be sure to press the additional clay firmly into place without locking in air UNK UNK project to stand for about five minutes (if wooden press mold is a good UNK do not leave clay in too long as the UNK may cause mold to UNK To release clay from mold, place hands in a UNK position around UNK gently lift the edge on far side, then continue to release edge completely around mold. UNK tapping on the underside of mold will help release the clay, but too much agitation will cause the clay to become soft and will interfere with removal of clay from mold. Place a piece of plaster wall board or plaster bat on clay and reverse bat, clay and mold in one action. This will prevent the clay from twisting or UNK causing UNK when UNK Place project on table and carefully lift the mold off. Study surface of clay for defects or desired UNK If clay is slightly out of shape, square straight sides with guide sticks or rulers pressed against opposite sides, or smooth round pieces with damp UNK if the background of design is too smooth, or you wish to create a UNK effect, it may be added at this time with a dull tool such as the handle of a fine UNK Make slight, smooth UNK rather than cuts for the texture UNK could cause air pockets under the glaze creating UNK or craters in the glaze during UNK UNK the clay on plaster board to dry slowly, covered lightly with a loose piece of plastic or cloth to prevent UNK UNK UNK (opposite page, right UNK UNK clay was used. Clay was rolled to 1/4'' thickness. Back of clay scored or UNK for proper gripping surface. No UNK firing. glazed with two coats of Creek-Turn white UNK glaze UNK glaze on sides or UNK UNK on UNK glaze with one coat of UNK ceramic UNK raised details of designs were colored in shades of UNK UNK brown and UNK UNK were fired once to cone 05. UNK UNK (opposite page, UNK White clay was used, rolled to 1/4'' thickness. Bisque fired to cone 05. UNK with UNK ceramic UNK UNK UNK following manufacturer's directions. UNK UNK and transparent wood brown were used. No further firing. UNK (opposite page, top UNK Red clay was used, rolled 1/2'' thick. UNK was used as pattern and clay cut by holding knife at about 45` angle, to form an UNK making base smaller than the pattern top. While clay is still pressed in mold, press three equally spaced holes 1/4'' deep, using pencil UNK in bottom of clay to allow for proper drying and firing. UNK may be personalized on back while clay is leather hard. Bisque fired to cone 05. UNK UNK WITH UNK (opposite page, top UNK Remove wooden design head from bowl of butter mold. UNK small hole in bowl with clay. Make paper patterns for sections of jar and lid (see Fig& 1, opposite UNK Measurements for rectangular pattern piece ~A are obtained by measuring inside UNK and depth of butter mold bowl. UNK for circular base piece ~B is diameter of ~A. Use wooden design head of mold for pattern UNK pattern ~D for lid fits over top diameter of ~A. UNK for inner lid piece ~E fits inside ~A. UNK are assembled in bowl of butter mold. Use white or buff clay, rolled to UNK thickness. Place patterns on rolled clay and cut around them with knife in vertical position. Place clay pieces on wall board. To assemble UNK put paper pattern ~B for base in bottom of mold and clay disk ~B on top. Line sides of mold with paper pattern ~A. UNK and score ends of clay piece ~A so that they UNK about 1/2'' and make even thickness. Place clay piece ~A UNK use slip to join UNK ends together. Join ~B to bottom of ~A, scoring and UNK with clay UNK Trim excess clay from around lip of mold and set aside while assembling lid. To assemble UNK press clay piece ~C in cavity of wooden design head. Press clay into mold as instructed in General UNK Score plain side of ~C and leave in mold. Score one side of disk UNK join to UNK score other side of ~D and one side of disk ~E and join as before. While assembled lid is still on design head, gently but firmly press it on plaster board. If design head has a deep cavity, clay lid will be quite thick at this UNK press UNK of pencil gently 1/4'' deep into deep clay to allow vent for proper drying and firing. Check fit of lid on UNK if inner lid is too big, trim to fit, allowing room for thickness of glaze. Remove lid from head of mold. Remove jar from mold. Place jar on plaster board with lid in place to dry slowly. Bisque fire to cone UNK with lid on UNK For an antique effect on UNK brush Creek-Turn brown toner on UNK UNK and sponge it off. UNK with two coats of clear or transparent UNK glaze. The large jar was brushed with Creek-Turn green toner and UNK off. UNK with two coats of UNK UNK in turquoise with touches of blossom pink on lid. When dry they were fired to cone UNK #LITTLE UNK UNK UNK from modern wooden molds UNK UNK white clay to UNK thickness. UNK AND UNK Use mold to cut four side pieces. For top and bottom pieces, use short end of mold as measurement UNK Press the side pieces of clay into cavity of mold. Trim excess clay from rim of mold. Cut beveled edge on the long sides of clay at a 45` angle to UNK UNK Score beveled edges and remove pieces from UNK place UNK up on plaster board. Make all four sides. Cut clay top and base UNK place on plaster board. UNK all pieces to become leather hard before constructing UNK _TO UNK UNK sides, bottom and top as for box, using slip on scored edges and UNK of clay to reinforce UNK Join the four sides together first, then add the UNK add top last. Use water on finger to smooth seams and edges. Turn UNK upside down. UNK base slightly to allow room for UNK Cut hole in base for cork UNK Add holes in top, forming UNK for salt and UNK for UNK Set aside to dry thoroughly. UNK AND UNK Cut a strip of clay for sides long enough and wide enough for three impressions of mold design. Press clay into cavity of one mold three times; UNK UNK ends for UNK UNK score beveled edges. Form clay strip into a UNK use slip to join scored ends. Place cylinder on a disk of clay slightly larger than UNK Score bottom edge of cylinder and join to disk with UNK Trim away excess UNK reinforce seam with a coil of clay. This will form the sugar bowl. Make UNK the same. UNK for UNK is a strip of clay 1/2'' wide and UNK long. To add UNK place a wooden UNK against the inside wall of UNK Score outside of container where handle ends will be UNK Bend UNK press scored handle ends firmly in place using UNK to reinforce container while UNK use slip to UNK To form UNK between two designs, UNK area slightly and gently push clay UNK Make lid for sugar bowl the same as jar UNK omitting design disk. Cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if desired. Set aside to dry with lid on sugar bowl. UNK Make same as salt and pepper UNK leaving off top pieces. UNK may be made into candles by filling with melted wax and a UNK UNK UNK Cut a piece of clay for base and two for sides each about **f UNK enough for three impressions of UNK Press the two sides into cavity of one mold three times. Put cut pieces on plaster board to dry to firm UNK state. Score side edges of UNK join sides and base with slip and reinforce with UNK A cardboard pattern cut to fit inside holder will help to prevent UNK Place pattern inside UNK use three strips of clay to hold in place (see Fig& 2, page UNK Do not use wood as it will not shrink with the clay and would cause UNK Let all projects dry slowly for several days. Clean UNK Bisque fire to cone UNK Inside of pieces was glazed with three coats of Creek-Turn bottle green antique glaze. Outside was finished with Creek-Turn brown toner brushed on and UNK off to give antique finish. UNK to cone UNK UNK UNK _TO UNK FROM ONE UNK UNK TO UNK When changing from one color to another, whether working on right or wrong side, pick up the new strand from UNK dropped UNK UNK shows the wrong side of work with light strand being picked up under dark strand in position to be UNK _TO UNK UNK Spread article on flat surface to required width before measuring length at center. UNK UNK _TO UNK UNK Mark row on which first UNK have been bound off for UNK by drawing a contrasting colored thread through it. Place work on a flat surface and smooth out. Measure straight up from marked row. See illustration. _TO UNK UNK When directions read UNK a marker on UNK put a small safety UNK paper UNK or commercial ring marker on needle. In working, always slip marker from one needle to another. To mark a row or UNK tie contrasting thread around end of row or UNK to be UNK UNK UNK _TO UNK UNK WITH UNK Most seams are UNK with UNK especially on UNK UNK or loose edges. UNK right sides of pieces together, keeping edges even and matching rows or patterns. UNK matching yarn in tapestry needle. UNK end of yarn through several UNK along edge to UNK UNK pieces together close to edge. Do not draw yarn too UNK See illustration. _TO UNK IN UNK Place sleeve seam at center UNK and center of sleeve cap at shoulder UNK UNK in any extra fullness evenly around. UNK UNK UNK UNK _TO UNK UNK UNK UNK vertical edges, such as those at the back seam of a UNK can be woven together UNK UNK matching yarn in tapestry needle. UNK edges together, right side up. UNK is 23 feet long with an UNK beam and every inch a family boat. UNK can ride in the forward cockpit where the UNK has a clear view. UNK can sleep or UNK themselves safely in the large cabin which has UNK UNK UNK bunks for three, UNK and marine toilet. The UNK can sun themselves in the UNK UNK cockpit. All are well distributed, not crowded together near the UNK And with passenger weight shifted forward, Hotei levels off for speed under power of a UNK 800. The UNK motor drives her at 25 UNK with six UNK With only two UNK Hotei does better than 27 UNK and she gives a comfortable ride at this speed even in a UNK UNK She also banks into a turn like a fine UNK not digging in on the outside to throw passengers all over the boat like many a small cabin UNK Nor is she a wet boat. We've been out in UNK waves and stayed dry. {A lot of UNK went into storage space construction. There's a large compartment in the forward cockpit for charts and other items. The cabin has several shelves for small items and storage under the bunks for water UNK life UNK etc&. The UNK cockpit has a **f storage bin over six feet long that doubles as a seat. On each side of the motor well there's storage for battery, UNK line and spare props with UNK gas tanks below. The well itself is designed to take two UNK UNK or UNK if you wish and there's room for a UNK UNK gas tank below it. Needless to say, you can't build Hotei in a couple of weeks. Our building time was slightly over 400 UNK but the total cost for the hull with Fiberglas bottom, UNK head and hardware was under UNK A comparable manufactured boat would cost close to UNK Consider what you have to earn to be able to spend the $3,000 and your building time is well worth it. A UNK UNK Model UNK is used to transport the boat to the UNK This piece of equipment costs a little over $600 but it will save you that in UNK and UNK fees in a few years. All framing in Hotei is UNK mahogany which, in the dressed state you buy it, is about the UNK thickness specified in the UNK Therefore, the lumber is bought in UNK and UNK to size for battens, etc&, on a table saw. Besides UNK bronze UNK UNK bronze Stronghold nails UNK by Independent UNK + UNK Co&, UNK UNK are used extensively in assembly and UNK UNK glue is used in all the joints. UNK follows a thorough study of the UNK Start by laying out the six frames and the transom on a level floor. UNK each outline in a UNK UNK one on top of the other. In this way you will be able to detect any obvious mistakes. The transom frame is made first with the joints UNK glued and fastened with one-inch, No& 12 Stronghold nails. After UNK it for the UNK chines and battens, the half-inch plywood transom is secured to it with glue and the same type nails. All frames are butted at the joints and UNK plywood UNK are glued and nailed on each side of each UNK again using the one-inch, No& 12 nails. The frames are UNK only for the keelson and the UNK If UNK for the battens, they would require more work, be weakened and UNK holes would have to be bored so that UNK water could flow through. Nowhere in the boat do the frames come in contact with the plywood UNK The jig is erected after the frames and transom are complete. This is an important step because any UNK would cause progressively worse UNK in the hull as you advance in construction. Be sure all members are UNK vertical and level as required. After the frames and transom are set up on the jig and temporarily UNK a piece of three-inch-wide mahogany UNK widths will be given since the UNK thickness is used UNK is butted between frames one and two below the line of the UNK The frames are glued and screwed to this piece. The joints are also reinforced on each side with small blocks set in UNK Fiberglas cloth and nailed. It is over this piece that the UNK stem and keelson are UNK The UNK made of two UNK UNK is next installed. The first piece is glued and screwed to the frames and transom and the piece butted between frames one and two. The second piece is in turn glued and screwed to the first. UNK however, that it is six inches shorter at the forward end. UNK No& 10 screws are used in both cases. {A stem UNK is next cut to the proper shape and temporarily fastened to frame one. The stem is UNK from four pieces. Take two three-inch-wide pieces and UNK them down the center of the thickness to make the UNK Then spread a generous amount of glue on the four pieces and bend them into place on the jig. The first two pieces butt against the inner member of the keelson and are glued and screwed to the brace between the first two frames. The second two pieces lap over the inner member of the keelson and butt against the outer member. They're glued and screwed to the inner member of the UNK A number of ~C clamps hold the pieces together on the jig until the glue sets. All bottom battens are two inches wide. The side ones are a half-inch UNK The battens are carefully fastened in place after some necessary UNK on all frames. UNK and UNK No& 10 screws are used. UNK is important because the rear UNK bunks and front jump seats rest on or are fastened to many of the side UNK With the exception of two battens, all run to the stem where they are glued and screwed after careful UNK The chines go in the same way except that they are made of two pieces of UNK wood for strength and easier UNK UNK is always a tedious job but the work can be cut down considerably with a UNK planer and a simple jig. I clamped a UNK piece of aluminum to the base of the planer with a pair of UNK UNK The UNK flush against the battens, acted as a UNK stick and enabled me to plane the chines and keelson to the proper UNK easily. If you don't own a planer and don't want to buy one, it's well worth UNK {The UNK is UNK UNK UNK Royal Marine plywood. This can be obtained in UNK widths 24 feet long. The UNK width leaves very little waste. Four pieces are used. UNK the sides first, using glue and one-inch, No& 12 Stronghold nails at all battens, the stem and the UNK Another person inside with a weight against each UNK will help in the UNK The best procedure is to have a few friends hold the planking in place while you mark it off. Then trim the UNK I used a UNK UNK made by Porter Cable for this job. It's good for cutting all the planking because it cuts with a UNK blade at high ~rpm and does not chatter the plywood like a UNK saw. When cut, the planking is clamped in place for a final and careful UNK Then it is marked on the inside where it comes in contact with the UNK frames, keelson and all the UNK It may then be UNK for the UNK The next step is to remove it and spread glue where it has been marked at the contact points. Then it is replaced and UNK The bottom planking is applied in the same manner. After UNK the bottom gets a layer of UNK The spray rails are first glued on the outside and fastened from the inside with screws. Then the chines are rounded off and the bottom is UNK in preparation. Since the sides are also covered up to the spray UNK they are also UNK in that area. The cloth is laid on one half of the bottom at a time. A UNK width is used on each side and it UNK the keel line by about three inches. Lay the cloth in place and trim it to size. Then remove it and give the whole bottom a coat of UNK When the resin has hardened, mix up another batch with a pigment added if you UNK I used bright red, mixing the pigment in thoroughly before adding the UNK Using a cheap brush, coat one side of the bottom with the resin and then apply the cloth. When the cloth is smooth, apply another coat of UNK spreading it with a paint UNK Be sure it is well saturated and then allow it to UNK When the whole bottom has hardened, use a disk UNK to feather the edges of the cloth at the keel line and near the spray UNK Then lay a three-inch-wide strip of cloth along the keel line from the transom to the point of the UNK Before the resin has hardened, screw a UNK mahogany keel strip along the UNK This protects the bottom in UNK Fiberglas materials are available from UNK UNK Supply Co&, UNK W& Elizabeth ave&, Linden, N& J&. They will also supply literature on UNK {The UNK is now turned over (with the help of about seven UNK and placed in a level, UNK position. I set it on the UNK UNK I laid three layers of glass cloth on the inside of the UNK also installing a bow eye at this time. For added strength, I also fastened a small block on each side of every frame and UNK joint. Again, these blocks were set in UNK glass cloth and nailed. After UNK off the excess on the frames and transom which was used to fasten them to the jig at a working height, the top of the side planking is installed. This is made up of UNK left over from the sides and UNK These UNK parts really help to keep the boat dry. When they're on, the top edges are UNK even with the sheer UNK The sides of the motor well run from the bottom battens to the top and from frame six to the UNK forming a real strong transom UNK Note another piece of wood six inches wide is fastened to the transom between these pieces. The UNK is UNK mahogany marine plywood. All the flooring and the storage bin is half-inch exterior UNK plywood. Most floor battens are glued and screwed to the UNK The exception is where the flooring UNK These battens are glued and screwed to the frames. With all deck battens in place, the UNK is cleaned and painted up to the floor line. Use one coat of UNK and one coat of marine paint. UNK of the UNK are also painted and the flooring is then screwed in place. After the UNK is on, the cabin sides are installed. They're followed by the front and rear UNK as UNK The UNK glass is UNK and UNK is used in the UNK UNK bunks are framed up and installed as indicated. A head is a handy thing to have and I installed one under a UNK section of the port bunk. The sink in the UNK panel above the bunk drains into the head and a UNK water tank is mounted on the UNK above the UNK For UNK the seats and UNK I used UNK Type UNK UNK UNK fire resistant and UNK stable, it is easily UNK to the wood with contact UNK UNK in **f UNK it costs about a dollar a square UNK UNK can build this vacation cottage yourself. It is a full scale, small, but efficient house that can become a year 'round retreat complete in every detail. Because of the unique design by the architect UNK UNK you can build most of it in your own home workshop in your spare time. Most of it is UNK and utilizes standard materials, and requires the use of only simple tools. On the following pages and in the following issues we take you every step of the way to your vacation UNK from choosing the proper site to applying the final UNK In recognition of the growing trend for second homes, or vacation UNK we have designed this one specifically with the family UNK in mind. It is a big project, not to be taken UNK But each step has been broken down into easy stages, utilizing standard materials and simple tools, well within the capabilities of the UNK #THE UNK The idea behind our design is modular units, or UNK Everything possible has been UNK to standard sizes and measurements of materials. Wall panels and structural timbers are standard as are windows and UNK making for a minimum of UNK We have developed an ingenious method of interlocking these so that you can make the major part of your house in your own workshop, panel by panel, according to plan. Thus, when you have prepared your foundation and laid the floor, these can be UNK to the site and erected with a small crew of friends in a weekend. The roof timbers are UNK and the panels standard so that the house can be completely enclosed in a matter of three or four days. Then you can do the finishing touches at your UNK #A UNK UNK to the fact that building codes and regulations vary so much throughout the country, the first thing to do is to find out what, if any, they are. Close to a large city they might even specify the size of the nails used; in a remote section there might be no restrictions at all. This can usually be found out at the nearest town hall. At the same time check the UNK UNK and UNK requirements, as well as possible UNK regulations. Whether electricity and public water and sewers are available or not, check the local customs in the use of UNK or UNK gas (we give you alternatives later UNK Be sure that this information is reasonably official and not just an UNK opinion. If there are any major UNK they usually can be obtained in printed form. Where a building permit is required, find out what you must present when applying for one. In many cases, you must file a complete set of plans with the local building UNK These will be available at cost from our Plans Department. #THE UNK Some general things to look for in a site, if you haven't already bought one, are UNK water drainage, and orientation. How are the roads, and how will they stand UNK Is there evidence of UNK on the UNK UNK areas or intermittent UNK A visit in the early spring after a thaw will be very UNK Note where the sun rises and UNK and ask which direction the prevailing winds and storms come from. Will the view be something you can live UNK Don't worry too much about rocky or sloping UNK we will take up alternative foundations later on. #THE UNK With this first issue we give you a list of the materials needed to build the basic UNK UNK and the expandable UNK UNK This will be UNK the shell of the house UNK UNK walls, and UNK and does not include the UNK or UNK This will permit you to get a UNK estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost. Bear in mind that this does <not> include interior panels for UNK fancy UNK UNK and UNK electrical UNK and UNK all of which will be taken up in detail in later issues. The wall panels are constructed of a framework of standard **f and **f of a good grade, free from structural UNK They should be as straight as possible, as this will effect their ability to mesh properly when the walls are UNK The outside surface of the solid units shall be of an exterior grade of panel board such as UNK plastic coated panel board, high density particle board, UNK board, or any other product locally obtainable upon recommendation of your building supply UNK The inner panels do not have to be UNK and the choice will depend on the quality of finish desired. All panel board comes in standard **f foot size. It is recommended that panels be both glued as well as nailed to the frame. The fixed window panels with UNK should have a good grade of UNK UNK glass set in a UNK UNK UNK The UNK are constructed as shown in the detail, with a drop door for UNK There are standard sliding glass windows in wood or aluminum frames for those panels requiring them. The door panels are designed to accommodate standard doors which should be of exterior grade. The UNK panels for the UNK ends are cut from full **f sheets as UNK leaving no UNK The battens covering the joints are of **f stock and are applied after the walls are UNK All nails should be UNK and aluminum is highly recommended. UNK If UNK panel board is used inside and out, or UNK one side and UNK the other, and UNK glass is used, stock lumber in **f, **f, and **f can be used in making the glass panels. Other thicknesses may necessitate UNK a special size lumber for the glass UNK In any case, there is no special milling or UNK required for the panels. With modern techniques of UNK and the UNK of cutting tools, UNK and UNK available, the drill press has become a basic home workshop tool. The drill press consists of a vertical shaft UNK which is tapered or UNK on one end to hold a drill UNK a tubular housing UNK in which the spindle is mounted, a head in which the quill is mounted, a feed lever which moves the quill up or down, a power source, and a movable table upon which the work is placed. There is often a means of locking the quill and, on larger UNK the table can be UNK The size of the press is usually expressed in terms of chuck capacity (the maximum diameter tool UNK it will UNK or distance between the spindle center and the column. A press with an 11 inch capacity lets you drill to the center of a 22 inch board or circle. A new radial drill press with a 16 inch capacity has a UNK head that allows drilling to be done at any UNK The head is mounted on a horizontal arm that UNK on the supporting column to position the drill bit instead of the work. UNK AND UNK The drill press should be leveled and, depending on whether it is a bench or floor model, bolted securely to a sturdy bench or stand or screwed to the floor with lag or expansion screws. This will reduce vibration and increase accuracy. A coat of paste wax or a UNK with a piece of wax paper will protect the polished surface of the UNK wiping with a slightly UNK cloth will discourage UNK of the column and UNK UNK not fitted with sealed spindle bearings will need a drop of oil now and then in the UNK holes in the UNK The rest of the press should be kept clean by UNK with a clean rag or brush. Be careful to keep the drive belt free of oil and UNK UNK tension is adjusted by manipulation of two locking UNK and a movable motor UNK Keep the belt just tight enough so the UNK won't slip when pulled by UNK excess tension will only cause undue wear on the motor and spindle UNK Most drill presses have a quill return spring that raises the spindle automatically when the feed lever is released and holds the quill in the raised position. The return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of UNK (to prevent the spring from UNK when it is UNK UNK the lock nut or UNK and rotating the housing until the desired tension is achieved. Turning the housing UNK will reduce tension, UNK will increase it. UNK UNK THE UNK UNK Some manufacturers have had the foresight to provide a UNK for the chuck UNK otherwise, you'll have to spend a few minutes to either attach a suitable spring clip somewhere on the press head or fit the key to a length of light chain and fasten to the bottom of the motor mount so that the key is out of the way when not in use. UNK AND UNK Drill speeds are important if you want a good job. Each cutting tool will operate best at a given speed, depending on the material worked. On most drill UNK it is impossible to get the exact speed, but you can come close by adjusting the drive belt on the UNK UNK You will find a chart giving the various speed ratios available with your particular drill press somewhere in the instruction UNK that came with the tool. See the table on page 34 for exact recommended speeds. Generally, the larger the tool and the harder the material, the slower the speed. Feed pressure is also of major importance. Too much pressure will force the tool beyond its cutting capacity and result in rough cuts and UNK or broken tools. Too light a feed, particularly with metal or other hard material, causes UNK of the tool and burning of the cutting edge. The best results will be obtained by matching the correct speed with a steady feed pressure that lets the tool cut easily at an even rate. UNK UNK UNK There are numerous types and styles of tools to drill holes. The most common are the twist UNK the solid center shaft with interchangeable cutting UNK the double spur bit, and the power wood UNK All will do a good job if sharp, but the twist drills don't cut quite as smoothly as the others, since they do not have the UNK UNK that sever the fibers before actual boring starts. The UNK fly cutter is very useful for cutting large diameter holes and can be used to cut UNK discs by reversing the cutter UNK Since fly cutters are one UNK and not balanced, they should be used at the UNK speed available, and fed very slowly to avoid binding. UNK cutters can fool you into putting your hand too close to the UNK so if you want to avoid UNK fingers, keep your hands well out of the way. UNK UNK UNK OPERATIONS# When drilling all the way through a UNK always place a piece of scrap wood UNK This will not only protect the work table, but also assure a clean UNK Another method of assuring a clean hole is to first drill a small pilot hole all the way through, then drill half way with the dimensional bit, turn the piece over, and finish from the other side. In soft woods with pronounced grain, there is sometimes a tendency for the hole to UNK due to the varying UNK of the wood. In this case, drilling a small pilot hole or UNK the work will do much to improve accuracy. When a hole is to be bored to a predetermined depth, mark the depth on the side of the stock, then run the bit down so that it is even with the mark. The depth gauge rod can now be set, and any number of holes bored to exact and identical depth. The old-time bridges over the UNK River in Massachusetts are of unusual interest in many UNK For their length, their types of construction, their picturesque UNK and their literary associations, they should be known and UNK In this sequence I shall write about them in the order of their UNK The first bridge known to have been covered wholly or in UNK and perhaps the most interesting one, connected Newbury (now UNK with Salisbury Point. Its building was first proposed in UNK when a group of citizens, mostly UNK men, petitioned the General Court for an act of UNK This document UNK UNK 1 UNK UNK MAY UNK UNK UNK a Bridge over Merrimack River, from the Land of UNK Jonathan UNK UNK in UNK to Deer Island, and from said Island to UNK would be of very extensive UNK by UNK a safe UNK to UNK UNK and UNK at all seasons of the year, and at all Times of UNK UNK the UNK do agree, that as soon as a convenient UNK of Persons have UNK to this, or a similar UNK We will present a petition to the UNK General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, UNK for an Act UNK into a Body UNK the subscribers to such Writing with Liberty to build such a Bridge, and a Right to demand a UNK equal to that received at UNK Bridge, and on like UNK and if such an Act shall be obtained, then we UNK agree each with the others, that we will hold in the said Bridge the several shares set against our respective UNK the whole into two hundred shares being UNK and that we will pay such sums of Money at such Times and in such UNK as by the said proposed Corporation, shall be directed and UNK This paper was signed by forty-five persons, UNK a total of two hundred shares. A month later the General Court served notice to the town of Newbury that the bridge was to be built. The matter was considered and UNK and finally UNK but in spite of many objections, the Court granted a charter on January 9, 1792. On November 26 of that year the bridge was completed and opened. Timothy Palmer, who invented and later patented the arch type of construction for wooden bridges, was the genius who planned and supervised the building of the UNK or UNK UNK bridge although the actual work was carried out under the direction of William UNK who received @ 300 as UNK This UNK bridge is best described by Rev& Timothy UNK president of Yale College, in his UNK in UNK and UNK published in New Haven in UNK He says of it: "It consists of two divisions, separated by an island at a small distance from the southern shore. The division between the island and this shore, consists principally of an UNK whose chord is one hundred and sixty feet, and whose UNK is forty feet (it was actually 37 UNK above the UNK mark. In appearance and construction it resembles the UNK bridge. The whole length of Essex bridge is one thousand and thirty feet and its breadth UNK I have already mentioned that Mr& Timothy Palmer of UNK was the inventor of the arched bridges in this country. As Mr& Palmer was educated to UNK only, and had never seen a structure of this UNK he certainly deserves not a little credit for the UNK It is hardly necessary to remind students of covered bridges that Timothy Palmer was born in UNK in nearby UNK that he moved with his parents to West UNK when he was sixteen years UNK and was there UNK to a builder and UNK UNK UNK It was indeed a remarkable feat that a man who had had no experience of bridge building should have applied the principle of the UNK which appears in his famous bridges at UNK UNK and Philadelphia. The Essex Merrimack Bridge when first built was not covered. As far as we know, no American bridge had been thus protected in 1792. Richard S& Allen is the authority for the statement that the northern section was probably UNK by UNK Its original appearance is shown in an UNK published in the UNK UNK in May UNK which is reproduced UNK (Fig& 1). A brief description accompanying the picture says that the bridge contained more than UNK tons of UNK Between the UNK on the Newbury shore and the south bank of Deer Island there was one span or arch measuring 160 UNK between the north shore of Deer Island and the Salisbury side there was an arch of UNK feet and a series of UNK with a draw forty feet long. A dinner and celebration in honor of this piece of engineering took place July 4, UNK in a UNK erected by the corporation on the UNK It is said that the eccentric Timothy UNK who was one of the first UNK stood on the table and made a speech worthy of the occasion. The UNK UNK says that he UNK an oration on the bridge, which for elegance of style, propriety of speech or force of argument, was truly UNK The reporter must have written this with tongue in UNK because UNK oration could hardly be UNK and, although he later explained that he was talking French, it seems rather more likely that he had succumbed to the joys of the evening. The north portion of the Essex bridge was well worth the cost of construction, although it proved to be twice what was estimated in the beginning. It stood in its original form until UNK The southern half, however, on account of its UNK was considered by boat owners a menace to UNK In 1810 it was torn down and replaced by a chain suspension bridge. This was built by John UNK from plans submitted by James UNK of Fayette County, Pennsylvania. Timothy Palmer had general supervision of the work. An UNK in the UNK UNK December 21, UNK shows Palmer in a new light as an expert on chain UNK It reads: UNK UNK UNK is hereby given that Mr& Timothy Palmer of UNK UNK has agreed to take charge of the concerns of the UNK of the UNK Bridge, in the states of Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, so far as relates to the sale of UNK rights and the construction of UNK UNK "Mr& Palmer will attend to any applications relating to bridges and if desired will view the proposed site, and lay out and UNK the work, or recommend a suitable person to execute it. John UNK UNK Timothy UNK This chain bridge proved less durable than the wooden arch on the Salisbury end. It UNK February 6, UNK carrying with it a horse and wagon, two men and four UNK The horse and men were saved, but the UNK UNK In spite of this UNK the bridge was UNK on the same plan and opened again on July 17, UNK This second chain bridge was UNK feet long, had two UNK towers and a UNK and a double UNK The Essex bridge was a toll crossing until 1868, when the County Commissioners laid out all the Merrimack bridges as highways. UNK and strong after more than a century of continuous use, the old covered, wooden bridge that spans the UNK Valley River at Philippi will have a distinctive part in the week-long observance of the first land battle of the Civil War at its home site, May 28th to June UNK Colonel Frederick W& UNK UNK will again make his UNK ride down the steep UNK of UNK (now UNK Hill and thunder across the bridge to join Colonel Benjamin F& UNK UNK Virginia Infantry, then UNK through the streets in pursuit of the retreating UNK He was closely followed by the Ohio and Indiana UNK thus the old bridge has another UNK that of being the first such structure secured by force of arms in the war of the UNK The bridge has survived the natural hazards of the elements, war, fire, and UNK as well as injuries incident to heavy traffic, for more than a hundred years. Twice during the Civil War it was saved from destruction by the opposing armies by the UNK and prayers of a local UNK It still stands as a monument to the engineering skills of the last century and still serves in the gasoline age to carry heavy traffic on U&S& Route UNK the old Beverly and UNK Turnpike. It is one of the very few, if not the only surviving bridge of its type to serve a main artery of the U&S& highway system, thus it is far more than a relic of the horse and buggy days. This covered, wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3, UNK and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and UNK of the war story. So frequently has pictures of the bridge appeared in books and in national publications that it UNK with the old John Brown Fort at Harpers Ferry as the two nationally best known structures in West Virginia. UNK and opened for traffic in UNK the bridge was designed and built by UNK Chenoweth and his brother, UNK of Beverly. The Chenoweth brothers were experienced bridge UNK and against the competition of other, and better known, bridge designers and builders they had constructed nine of the covered, wooden bridges on the Parkersburg and UNK Turnpike a dozen years before, as well as many other bridges for several counties. The Philippi bridge, however, was the Chenoweth master piece, with its UNK dual UNK UNK and it stands today as a monument to its builders. Never UNK the bridge was UNK in UNK by two extra UNK a concrete floor, and a UNK along the upper side in order to care for modern traffic. During the war it was in constant use by the wagon trains transporting supplies from the UNK at Grafton to the troops operating in the UNK Union soldiers at times used it for sleeping quarters to escape from the rain or other UNK weather, and some of them left UNK of their stay by carving their names and small UNK on its walls and UNK But what the elements could not do was seriously threatened when UNK General William E& UNK Jones reached Philippi while on the famous UNK raid in May, UNK General Jones was fresh from a long series of bridge UNK including the long bridge at UNK and, after seeing a great drove of horses and cattle he had collected safely across the bridge, he sent his men to work piling UNK in and around it. Reverend UNK UNK a Baptist minister, gathered a few citizens of Southern UNK to call on Jones and plead with him to spare the UNK he UNK and argued, pointing out that Jones or other Confederate commanders would need it should troops pass that way in UNK Jones UNK he did not order his men to apply the UNK the drove of livestock was driven up the valley, via UNK and across the mountains to feed and serve the Confederate army, while Jones and his UNK turned toward UNK to join forces with UNK Again Reverend UNK saved the bridge when Union soldiers planned to destroy it, after filling its two UNK with hay and UNK but for what reason is not recorded nor remembered, certainly not because of pressure from an opposing Confederate force. On the second occasion it took prayers as well as reason to dissuade the soldiers from their purpose. UNK around this historic old structure, a group of UNK UNK County citizens have organized and planned a week-long series of events, beginning on May 28th and continuing through June UNK to observe most appropriately the centennial of the first land engagement of the Civil War at UNK It is a good eight years now since each of us acquired a swimming UNK eight UNK vigorous, UNK not wholly UNK years. We have learned a UNK a dash of UNK here, a bit about plumbing and UNK there. We have had sound UNK in the principles of the UNK school of diplomacy. We have become amateur insurance experts and UNK yard birds. True, our problems have lessened a bit as more and more of our neighbors have built their own pools, thereby diluting our spectacular UNK But problems cling to pools, as any pool owner UNK So our innate generosity of spirit UNK us to share our trials, errors and solutions with any who are taking the pool plunge for the first time- in the pious hope that some may profit from our experience. UNK TO UNK UNK Position may not be everything, but in the case of a pool it can certainly contribute difficulties, social and/or UNK We speak from varying UNK One of us has a pool set in a wooded area very near the house. The other has his pool far away from the house in a field high on a hill. If you are dreaming of a blue, UNK pool right outside your living room windows, close your eyes firmly and fill in the picture with lots and lots of children, damp UNK UNK tubes of UNK oil and UNK plastic UNK You are likely to be nearer the truth. You can also see that the greater the proximity of the pool to your main living quarters, the greater the chance for violation of family privacy, annoying noise and the UNK attitude. On the other hand, UNK does not lead to UNK when children cannot be easily observed and you have to make a long UNK to reach the pool. Another UNK As picturesque as a UNK pond in the forest may be, trees offer a leaf and root hazard to the well-being of a pool. Yet a UNK approach can turn a pool into a floating lawn every time the grass is UNK As in choosing a wife, it is only sensible to consider also how appealing a pool is likely to be in bad weather as well as in good. In the colder UNK for instance, you will have to live through the many UNK winter months when your pool will hardly look its best. It may be a big hole in the ground filled with salt UNK or an ice UNK studded with UNK Even a UNK UNK plunge is not exactly a joy to UNK (We do, however, recommend those patented covers to prevent both people and UNK UNK and UNK UNK from accidentally UNK in the UNK Probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts. Naturally it will be dictated to a large extent by the shape and size of your land. But if space and money are no problem and small children are not on hand every day, it is certainly more UNK to have your pool and entertainment area removed from the immediate environs of the house. And a good several feet around the pool should be neither UNK nor UNK but good hard UNK The placement of your pool, however, will not of itself solve the two major problems of pool UNK those that involve your social life and those pertaining to safety. UNK with them demands stern UNK of yourself as well as of your family, neighbors, friends and anyone you ever talked to on a UNK jet. Eight years ago while we were going through the UNK construction period, we were each UNK by the vision of early morning UNK and evening UNK to a cool family collected around the pool with a buffet table laid out nearby for the lord and master's UNK But not even our first UNK gatherings came anywhere near those rosy UNK We seemed to be witnessing the population explosion right in our own UNK Our respective families looked as if they had UNK Had we taken a UNK on a state UNK Not at all. We had merely been discovered by the pool UNK We were in UNK From proud UNK to perpetual hosts and UNK was a short UNK no more than the change from city clothes to UNK UNK of us, UNK but the results of our UNK invitations to "come over next summer and swim in our new UNK were both unexpected and UNK UNK UNK OF UNK After the first few weeks, it was obvious that rules had to be made, laid down and UNK even if our popularity ratings became UNK as a result. So rules we made, in UNK UNK Since our UNK in this respect coincided precisely, we present the fruits of our efforts UNK as a single social code for pool owners. First and UNK No one- no, not UNK in the family is allowed to issue blanket invitations to his or her own circle. Just short of forty UNK we finally managed to UNK our children to this view. Their friends and ours are welcome to share the pool, but on our terms and at our times. No friends are to arrive without an invitation or without at least UNK UNK No UNK UNK even if they are trailing legitimate UNK We want to know when the UNK telephone exactly how many they are planning to UNK so that we won't end up with a UNK mob that looks like Coney Island in UNK No young children may come without adults except for a UNK UNK UNK party. And accompanying adults are urged to keep an alert and sensible eye on their responsibilities. A UNK of UNK mothers, backs to the pool, is no UNK No bottle pool is UNK bottle pool being our UNK for those who come to swim and sink into our bar while protesting that they can only UNK and run. UNK UNK and relations with our wine merchant took a beating that first summer as we UNK became the neighborhood UNK UNK We designated one day a week as the time when neighborhood teen-agers might swim at definite hours. This has saved us from constant requests seven days a week and made us feel less brutal to the young "less UNK than ours. We also worked out logistics for Sunday afternoon UNK who arrive two hours early with their weekend guests while we are still enjoying an UNK lunch UNK UNK We gently UNK them to an island of tables and chairs UNK placed on the far side of the pool where they can UNK each other until we get ready to merge sides. All dressing UNK to be more UNK must be done in our small bath house or at the UNK homes. UNK avoid any possible excuse for a UNK parade through your house, it is a good idea to have a telephone extension near the pool as well as a direct outdoor route between the pool and the parking UNK We do, however, provide a limited number of extra UNK mainly for children, and we stock extra UNK and a few inexpensive bathing UNK UNK the UNK UNK kind, are held in UNK too, for the very young. UNK UNK AND UNK UNK rules, of course, are more important than all the others put together. In many UNK now, the law requires all pools to be UNK usually to a minimum height of 5 feet. But UNK or UNK no UNK is the place for running or UNK We allow no underwater endurance UNK either, or UNK versions of water UNK UNK boards must have UNK surfaces UNK UNK takes an awful beating from chlorine and rots quickly, but UNK paints are UNK And UNK must be enjoined to look before they UNK either on top of someone else or onto a pool edge. Our pools also have wide, shallow UNK for the benefit of the UNK UNK who can thus be introduced to the water with far greater safety than a ladder UNK All bottles must be kept a safe distance away from the pool and drinking glasses are UNK in favor of plastic or metal UNK When you first acquire a pool, we earnestly UNK for your own mental health- a good long chat with your insurance agent. You should be prepared to cope with any pitfall such as UNK into empty pools or shallow ends and all manner of winter as well as summer UNK UNK pools, alas, do not just happen. They are the result of a constant and careful contest with the elements. Unless you want to make your wife a pool widow and to spend a great many of your leisure hours nursing your pool's UNK UNK its care and UNK from ~pH content to filtering and UNK is best left to a weekly or UNK professional service. Of course, if your pool is close to the house, your wife can always add it to her housekeeping chores UNK UNK Or you can make pool care the price of swimming for UNK Even so, every pool owner, in case of UNK should have some idea of what makes things work. A brief course in UNK from the pool builders may well be appreciated in a future crisis. UNK THE UNK A sudden high rise in temperature will turn your pool poison green overnight. You need more UNK The walls feel UNK You need UNK With or without professional help, you will have to be able to do some of these jobs yourself unless you have a full-time pool UNK You should see to it that the UNK the UNK in front of the UNK is always UNK A pool is no place for a shut trap. You should firmly insist that no UNK pins or hair pins be worn in the water. When UNK they leave rust UNK You can hope against hope that come spring cleaning, your UNK friends will lend a hand at UNK and UNK It has happened. Many hours of spring cleaning will be saved, however, if you remove the main drain grate when you close the pool season in the fall. As the pool is UNK stand by to brush down the walls and bottom while they are still wet. Much of the dirt and leaf stain is easily removed when damp, but requires dynamite if allowed to dry. If you have a UNK to UNK drain pipe, you may easily wash out all the debris when the grate is out. Of course, when your UNK torrent of water is released, it may cause a lot of comment as it passes through or by neighboring properties. Do not forget this possibility. If your pool is located on or near sloping ground, it may have natural drainage which is certainly more desirable than to be faced with the annual expense and labor of first pumping out the water and then UNK out all the UNK It may be true that pool lighting UNK an evening scene, but lights also attract all the insect life for miles around. Once on the water, these little visitors seldom leave, and this adds to your filtering and UNK problems as well as providing a slapping good time for all those present. Often one UNK high in a tree will provide all the light you need at much less expense. Our experience has taught us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible, from pipes to UNK Follow UNK instructions to the letter, and be sure that one person (in the family or UNK is regularly responsible for each aspect of the job, with no chance for UNK "It wasn't my UNK Never let anyone not in the know take a turn at the UNK even if the little boys do want to play space ship. You may find yourself hitting bottom, UNK as you discover that water is running out even while you are putting it in. UNK a line across the country at the latitude of lower Pennsylvania. Any house built now below that line without air conditioning will be UNK in 10 UNK Fortunately, it is the ~FHA which has arrived at this conclusion, for it means that cooling equipment of all kinds may now be included in a UNK and thus acquired with a minimum of financial stress. Even if you live above that line, the ~FHA will back you, for they have decided that the inclusion of air conditioning in <all> new homes is a good thing and should be encouraged. New simplified packaged units, recently devised UNK UNK UNK and improved UNK techniques make it possible to acquire a system for an UNK house for as little as $600 to UNK Two men can often do the installation in a day. You can install it UNK this is a central system that will cool UNK UNK of your house. Its UNK No less an authority than the ~FHA concurs that the savings air conditioning makes possible more than offset its operating costs. UNK IT UNK Home air conditioning has come a long way from the early days of UNK theaters and the thermal shock they UNK We know now that a UNK differential in temperature is the maximum usually desirable, and accurate controls assure the comfort we want. We know, too, that health is never UNK by summer cooling. On the contrary, there are fewer UNK and smaller doctor bills. The filtered air benefits UNK UNK UNK hay UNK Control of temperature and humidity is a UNK to the aged and the invalid. UNK conditions and high blood pressure escape the stresses brought on by UNK heat. UNK is easier. The cleaner air means less time spent pushing a UNK fewer trips to the dry cleaners, lighter loads for the washing machine. The need for UNK UNK UNK becomes more UNK UNK hold their shape better, and UNK and rust become almost forgotten words. It will improve your disposition. When you're less UNK things just naturally look UNK The children can have their daytime UNK and hot meals, and be put to bed on schedule in UNK UNK You'll sleep longer and better, too, awake UNK and free of hot weather nerves. You can forget about UNK and leave the storm windows up all year around. Best of all, central air conditioning is something you can afford. Like its UNK UNK the UNK a conditioner can be expected to last 20 to 25 years or more. That brings its UNK cost down mighty low. UNK UNK UNK No matter what style your home is, ranch, UNK Colonial or UNK central air conditioning is easily installed. The equipment won't take up valuable space either. It can go in UNK waste space. But there's no denying that the easiest and most economical way to get year-'round UNK air conditioning is when you UNK If that's done, the house can be designed and oriented for best operation, and this can mean savings both in the size of equipment and in the cost of the house itself. If you can't see your way clear to have summer cooling included when building, by all means UNK provision for its easy adding UNK Manufacturers have designed equipment for just such circumstances, and your savings over starting from scratch will be substantial. If your house is to have a forced warm air system, cooling can be a part of it. This costs less than having a completely separate cooling system, for your regular heating UNK filters and furnace blower do double duty for cooling. You can get year-'round air conditioners in the same variety of styles in which you buy a furnace alone- high or low boy, horizontal or UNK The units can be installed in UNK UNK UNK or in a UNK located in the living area. The cooling coil is located in the UNK UNK From the coil small copper pipes UNK to a UNK refrigeration section set in the yard, UNK UNK or basement. If you plan to add cooling later to your heating system, there are things to watch for. Be sure ducts that require insulation get it when they are installed. They may be UNK later. <Be sure your ducts and blower are big enough to handle UNK This is especially important if you live in a UNK zone. <Be sure you get a UNK heating UNK and UNK that will work as well for cooling as they do for heating. You can get a hot water system that will also work for cooling your house. For UNK chilled water is circulated instead of hot water. Instead of UNK you'll have UNK units, each with its own UNK These systems are more expensive than year-'round forced air systems. The minimum cost for an average UNK UNK house with UNK is likely to run UNK above the cost of the heating alone. UNK UNK If the problems of combining cooling with your heating are UNK it may be cheaper to plan on a completely separate cooling system. The simplest kind of separate system uses a single, UNK unit. It is, in effect, an UNK room conditioner equipped with UNK UNK ducts to distribute the cooled, UNK UNK air where it is wanted. In a long, UNK ranch, two such units can be UNK one serving the living area, the other the sleeping zone. In a two-story house, one unit may be installed in the basement to serve the first floor, another in the attic to cool the second. In each case, having separate systems for living and sleeping areas has the advantage of permitting individual zone control. _THE UNK UNK One of the more remarkable of the new cooling systems is one that can be switched to heating. As you know, a conditioner makes indoor air cool by pumping the heat out of it and then UNK this heat outdoors. A relatively simple switching arrangement UNK the cycle so that the machine literally runs UNK and the heat is extracted from outdoor air and turned UNK Up until recently, this heat pump method of warming air was efficient only in areas of mild UNK and when outside temperatures were above 40 degrees. Now, the machine has been improved to a point where it is generally more economical than oil heat at temperatures down to 15 degrees. You can get this added heating feature for as little as $200 more than the price of cooling alone. Consider it as a UNK UNK at negligible cost, for those emergencies when the furnace UNK a blizzard holds up fuel UNK or for cool summer UNK or evenings when you don't want to start up your whole heating plant. _WHAT UNK UNK How large a cooling unit you need, and the method of its installation, depends on a variety of factors. Among other things, besides the nature of your house and how much heat finds its way into its various rooms from the outside, it will depend upon your personal habits and the UNK of your family. Families with children usually don't want the house quite so cool. If you are a party UNK you may need added capacity. The body is a heat machine, and 20 to 25 guests can easily double your cooling load. UNK requirements are best expressed in terms of UNK A ~BTU is a unit of heat, and the ~BTU rating of a conditioner refers to how much heat your machine can pump UNK of your house in an hour. A very rough rule of thumb is that, under favorable conditions, you'll need 15 UNK of cooling for every square foot of your house. This is if outdoor temperatures have a high average of 95 degrees. You'll need more if the high average is above that, less if it's below. UNK are also rated by tons. A ton of cooling compares to the cooling you get by melting a ton of ice. By accepted definition, a UNK conditioner will provide 12,000 ~BTU of cooling in one hour. You may find a conditioner rated by UNK It is generally an inaccurate method of UNK for the UNK is that of the UNK motor, and many other components beside it determine how much cooling you'll UNK A UNK UNK for example, may vary in effectiveness from under 8,000 ~BTU to well over 10,000 UNK The safest procedure is to let your builder estimate the size of the unit you need, rather than trying to do this yourself. Don't urge your builder to give you a little extra cooling capacity just to be sure you have enough. Better to have your equipment slightly UNK than too UNK Here's UNK UNK humidity is often as important as cooling. An UNK unit will cool off your house quickly, then shut down for a long period. Before it cycles on again, humidity can build up and make you uncomfortable even though the temperature is still low. With a unit of the right size, a UNK will run continuously during hot weather, reducing humidity as evenly as it does temperature. UNK UNK UNK to details can cut in half the size unit you need and UNK operating expense proportionately. A UNK UNK house can be comfortably cooled and heated for as little as UNK a year, or UNK a month. If you have a house which heat doesn't penetrate easily, your unit will have less heat to UNK Keep the direct sun from reaching the house and you've won the first battle. In a new house, generous roof UNK are a logical and effective solution. If the house you plan to buy or build won't have big UNK you can still do a fair job of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed UNK fences and UNK UNK trees, too, are a big help, so keep them if you can. UNK UNK and UNK do some good, but not nearly as much as shading devices on the outside of the house. The more directly the sun strikes walls and roof, the greater its heat impact. The way a house is set on its lot can therefore influence how much cooling you're going to need. A shift in the walls, or a change in the roof UNK so the sun hits them more UNK can save you money. You can use UNK glass to stop the sun, double glass and insulated glass to combat UNK UNK large glass areas to the north and south sides of the UNK They're easier to shade there. An attic space above insulation makes a house easier to cool. You'll even gain by putting your water heater outside the conditioned space, and using an electric range instead of a gas one. Gas adds to the moisture load. UNK UNK UNK to the maximum. In insulation, the numbers to remember are UNK They stand for 6 inches of mineral wool insulation in the ceiling, 4 inches in the side walls, 2 inches in the UNK Such UNK insulation not only permits a much smaller cooling installation, but will continue to reduce operating expenses both in heating and cooling. A UNK roof will reduce sun heat by 50 per cent. It costs two to three times as much to remove a ~BTU in summer as it does to add one in winter, so every solitary ~BTU is worth attention. You'll foil them in UNK along with their UNK UNK by having and using a kitchen range exhaust fan, a UNK UNK for when you UNK and an outside vent for the clothes UNK UNK UNK UNK It's no use pretending that all conditioners are quiet, but the noise they produce can be kept to a minimum. Good workmanship is important in the installation, so if you're doing your own UNK don't award the job on the basis of price alone. UNK attic placement directly above a bedroom. ## MOST UNK WORK calls for a good deal of UNK This is particularly true in site selection. You must know before you start what the needs and objectives of your UNK UNK you must have a list of requirements on where, how many, and what type sites are needed. With such a program you can make constructive selections of the best sites available. UNK the examination of a site with a good map and aerial UNK if possible. These are becoming more and more available through the work of counties and other government agencies. The new editions of UNK maps being made by the federal government are excellent for orienting yourself to the natural features of the site. These are inexpensive and available from the U& S& Geological Society, Washington 25, D& C&. In recent years many counties and the U& S& Forest Service have taken aerial UNK which show features in detail and are very good for planning use. Most counties also have maps available from the county engineer showing roads and other features and from the UNK office showing ownerships of land. UNK the site in the field during the time of the year when the area will be most heavily used for recreation. This gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the climate conditions, the exposure to the sun and wind, the water interests, UNK which vary greatly with the seasons. It is usually helpful to make a sketch map in the field, showing the size and location of the features of interest and to take photographs at the site. These are a great aid for planning use back at the office. ## FOR UNK PLANNING UNK it is best to have a qualified and experienced park UNK to carry through the study. However, there is also much to be gained by making use of the abilities of the local people who are available and interested in recreation. County UNK commissioners, engineers, assessors, and others who have lived in the area for a long time may have valuable knowledge regarding the site or opinions to offer from their varied professional experiences. A visit to the site by a group of several persons can usually bring out new ideas or verify opinions most helpful to the planning study of any recreation area. How much study is UNK This, of course, depends on the character of the site itself, the previous experience of the UNK and the number of factors needed to arrive at a good decision. It is too easy for the inexperienced person to make a quick judgment of a few values of the area and base a decision on these alone. Usually there are more factors to good site planning than first impressions. A site may be a rundown slum or a UNK piece of desert in appearance today but have excellent potentials for the future with a little development or water. The same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use. In looking for the best sites available that meet the requirements, you need information to compare the site with others. You need answers to four important questions. @ What are the existing recreation UNK @ How well can the site be UNK @ How useful will it be to the UNK @ Is this site UNK Check the quantity and quality of all of the recreation interests already existing at the site. Naturally, a park site with scenic views, a good UNK trees, and sand UNK will attract more people than a nearby area with only trees and UNK UNK is vitally important. UNK on a body of clear, clean water will be vastly different from the same amount of frontage on UNK water. Some recreation features, such as scenic values and water interest, also have greater overall value than other interests. One of the most desirable features for a park are beautiful views or scenery. It may be distant views of a valley or the mountains or natural features such as a small UNK colorful rock formations, or unusual trees. A site which overlooks a harbor or river may offer interest in the activities of boating traffic. An area on the coast may have relaxing views of the UNK rolling in on a beach. A site may also be attractive just through the beauty of its trees and UNK Note extent of these interests and how available they will be for the public to UNK Water interest is one of the most valuable factors you can find for a recreation site. Most park planners look to water frontage for basic park areas. This follows naturally since frontage on an ocean, stream, or lake provides scenic values and opportunities for the very popular recreation activities of UNK fishing, UNK and other water sports. A body of water is usually the center of interest at parks which attract the greatest picnic and camping use. It also UNK the air in summer and UNK the trees and wild life. The amount of water UNK the quantity and quality of the water, and the recreation afforded by it are important. A restricted frontage may be too crowded an area for public use. The quantity of water flow may be UNK a stream or pond which is attractive in the springtime may become stagnant or dry in late summer. If the site is on a UNK the level of the water at various seasons as it affects recreation should be studied. Check the quality of the water. A stream which has all of its watershed within a national forest or other lands under good conservation practices is less likely to be affected by pollution than one passing through unrestricted logging or past an industrial area. Other factors, such as water temperature, depth of water, the fish life it supports, wave action, UNK UNK will affect its recreation value. ## OTHER UNK UNK which can be of high interest are the UNK UNK mountains, UNK UNK beaches, sand UNK UNK UNK etcetera with which the area is UNK Just as the national and state parks place emphasis on features which are of national or state significance, counties should seek out these features which are distinctive of their area. Although the site may not contain the features themselves, there are often opportunities to include them as additional interest to the site. The route to the park may lead people past them or display views of them. A group of native trees or plants which are outstanding in a particular county can be featured at the site. The UNK animals, and birds which may be found at the site are another interest. Fishing interest calls for a check of the species found, quantity and size, the season they are available, and the UNK program of the fish UNK Animals may be present at the site or provide hunting in nearby areas. The site may be on one of the major UNK of UNK birds or have its own resident bird life. UNK UNK and other marine life may add interest at coastal areas. ## UNK UNK has its own historical interests with which much can be done. Park visitors are always eager to learn more about the area they are in. The historical sign tells its story, but nothing gets interest across as well as some of the original historical items or places themselves which still have the character of the period covered. UNK should be taken of unusual rock formations, UNK or shapes of the earth's UNK in your region. Those which tell a story of the earth's formation in each area can add UNK interest to the recreation sites. An old UNK a high UNK an old covered bridge, a place to find UNK or other UNK stones or a place to pan gold, etcetera may be of interest. Some areas may provide UNK values such as ancient Indian village sites or hunting areas, UNK UNK etcetera. How well can the site be UNK Look at the physical features of the land to determine how desirable it is for use, what can be done to correct the faults, and what it will cost to make the area meet your needs in comparison to other sites. Many things need to be UNK UNK AND UNK The size of the area alone can be a determining factor. An area may be too small for the needs of the project. UNK should be large enough to include the UNK have ample space for the use of facilities needed, and have room around the edges to protect the values of the area from encroachment by private developments. UNK in excess of the minimum is good practice as recreation areas are never too large for the future and it is often more economical to operate one large area than several small ones. UNK of the area is also related to the use attractions and needs of the development. A large picnic area or camping development is most efficient in shape as a square or rectangle several hundred feet in width in preference to a long narrow area less than one hundred feet wide. This is true because of savings in utility lines and the fact that your buildings have a useful radius equal in all directions. However, a narrow strip may be very practical for small developments, or to provide additional stream frontage for a UNK UNK or include scenic strips within the park unit. UNK UNK The values of the site may be affected by the appearance of the adjoining lands, ownership and use of the land, and the utilities available there. For instance, a site adjoining other publicly owned lands, such as a national forest or a public road, may be desirable, whereas a site next to an industrial plant might not. The utilities available nearby may provide a savings in the cost of extending electricity or water to the site. UNK UNK is very important. Check the UNK of the ground, degree and direction of UNK drainage, rock UNK UNK types and quality, as well as UNK Nearly level areas are required for parking areas, beaches, camp areas, UNK etcetera. Determine how much UNK limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or UNK might be. UNK In addition to its recreation interests, water is needed for UNK sanitation, and UNK The quantity and quality of water sources is often a big factor in site selection. The area may provide good springs or opportunities for a well or be near to municipal water lines. Figure the cost of providing water to the use areas. UNK The existing plant growth calls for thorough UNK Look at the trees as to size and interest, the amount of shade they provide, how healthy they are, the problems of UNK fire UNK wind UNK etcetera. An area may have been partially UNK and requires removal of stumps or clean up. Some UNK may be of good UNK value, other areas of brush may need to be UNK The extent and location of open areas is noted. UNK How much will wind, rain, sun, and temperature affect the UNK An area sheltered from strong winds may be highly desirable for recreation use. The direction, UNK and season of these winds should be noted as to just how they will affect the recreation use and your maintenance and operation of the area. UNK of rainfall and extreme temperatures may call for the development of shade and UNK of a site to make it UNK Sometimes, you have a choice of exposure for sites where the UNK or trees of the area will provide afternoon shade, morning sun, or whatever may be most desirable for the use UNK UNK Some areas may already have been improved and contain buildings, roads, utilities, cleared land, etcetera which may raise the cost of the site. Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his UNK Anniversary for the April issue of UNK UNK is accepted with pleasure, because I admire the music of UNK and with sober purpose, because the development of Prokofieff UNK in many ways, the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist UNK The Serge Prokofieff whom we knew in the United States of America was gay, UNK UNK full of UNK and UNK and very capable as a professional musician. These qualities endeared him to both the musicians and the social-economic UNK UNK which supported the concert world of the post-World War /1, era. Prokofieff's outlook as a UNK in America was, indeed, brilliant. Prokofieff's <Classical> Symphony was hailed as an ingenious work from a naturally gifted and UNK musician still in his UNK To the UNK it was a brilliant satire on UNK to the UNK it was a challenge to the pre-war world. What was it to UNK A UNK UNK of UNK UNK a trial balloon to test the aesthetic climate of the times; a brilliant UNK de UNK Certainly its composer was an UNK star on a new world horizon. I heard the <Classical> Symphony for the first time when UNK conducted it in Paris in 1927. All musical Paris was there. Some musicians were UNK some UNK I myself was one of the UNK UNK years UNK I remember Ernest UNK in the UNK shouting in his high-pitched UNK "**h it may be a UNK de force, UNK UNK UNK can anyone take this music UNK The answer is, UNK Certainly, America took Prokofieff and his <Classical> Symphony UNK and with a good deal of pleasure. His UNK friend, Serge UNK gave UNK of his praise and brilliant performances in Boston, New York, and Washington, D& C&, to which he added UNK and UNK for the whole nation. Chicago was also a welcome UNK there, in UNK Prokofieff conducted the world premiere of the UNK for Three UNK and played the first performance of his Third Piano UNK UNK UNK was, indeed, a rich uncle to UNK in those UNK post-war victory years of peace and UNK bold speculations and UNK enjoyment and UNK "The Golden UNK We attended the premieres of his UNK UNK and UNK we UNK UNK and performed his piano sonatas, chamber music, UNK and UNK we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities. We unanimously agreed that Prokofieff had won his rights as a world citizen to the first ranks of UNK UNK Nevertheless, Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the UNK the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western UNK the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy UNK the UNK Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich UNK the UNK Paris of UNK Stravinsky, UNK UNK UNK the UNK Paris of UNK and UNK art- the Paris UNK which took young composers to her UNK with such quick and easy UNK So young Prokofieff was the darling of UNK in his UNK in the spacious hunting grounds of UNK UNK in the exciting UNK of his UNK brilliant UNK UNK of UNK excess and UNK world theatre of UNK freedoms in tone, color, dance, design, and thought. Meanwhile, three great terrible forces were UNK and UNK In this world-wide UNK of men, minds, and machines, Prokofieff was recalled to his native land. The world exploded when UNK challenged all concepts of peace and liberty, and the UNK UNK peoples of the UNK and Socialist UNK combined forces to stamp UNK tyranny into UNK UNK After this UNK a changing world occupied the minds of men; a world beset with new boundaries, new UNK and governments, new goals and methods, and the age-old fears of aggression and UNK hunger and exposure. In this changed world, Prokofieff settled to find himself, and to create for large national purpose. Here, this happy, UNK son of good fortune proved that he could accept the disciplines of a new social-economic order fighting for its very existence and ideals in a UNK world. Here, Prokofieff became a UNK in the vineyards of UNK producing music for the masses. It is at this point in his life that the mature Prokofieff UNK One might have expected that such a violent UNK of transition would have destroyed the creative flair of a composer, especially one whose works were so fluent and UNK But UNK Prokofieff UNK He accepted the environment of his UNK took root and grew to fulfill the stature of his early promise. By UNK he had clarified his intentions to serve his UNK "I have UNK for clarity and melodious UNK but at the same time I have by no means attempted to restrict myself to the accepted methods of harmony and UNK This is precisely what makes UNK straightforward music so difficult to UNK the clarity must be new, not UNK How right he UNK how clearly he saw the cultural UNK of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern UNK And with what resource did Prokofieff back up his UNK of words- with UNK of powerful music. UNK the vast difference in scope and beauty between his neat and witty little <Classical> Symphony and his big, UNK UNK and eloquent Fifth UNK or the UNK for Three UNK UNK as it UNK with the wonderful, UNK colorful, and subtle UNK of the magnificent UNK <The Stone UNK This masterpiece has UNK too, but it is the UNK of dancing UNK UNK salty and UNK Of course, these works are not UNK even though the same brain conceived them. The early works were conceived for a sophisticated, international audience; the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens. However, in all of Prokofieff's music, young or mature, we find his UNK his UNK his UNK attitude. Prokofieff never UNK his medium for the cause of experimentation <per UNK In UNK he stretches the limits of instrumentation with good judgment and a fine imagination for color. His sense for rhythmic variety and timing is UNK His creative development of melodic designs of UNK dance tunes and love songs is UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK His counterpoint is UNK UNK and rarely thick. Also, it should be noted that the UNK freedom of his melodies and UNK UNK the brilliant UNK the UNK for UNK the UNK of figured bass, the skill in UNK counterpoint were not lost in his mature output, even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and UNK where a large, dramatic canvas of sound was required. That Prokofieff's harmonies and forms sometimes seem professionally routine to our ears, may or may not indicate that he was less of an UNK than we prefer to believe. Need for novelty may be a symptom of cultural fatigue and UNK Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero, who, by the force of his creative life, helped preserve the main stream of tradition, to which the surviving UNK of current UNK may be eventually added and UNK At this date, it seems probable that the name of Serge Prokofieff will appear in the UNK of History, as an effective UNK who was fully aware of the lure and danger of UNK and used it as it served his UNK yet was never caught up in it- never a slave to its academic UNK Certainly, it is the traditional clarity of his music which has endeared him to the Western UNK not his UNK So Prokofieff was able to UNK his musical talents and harvest a rich reward from them. Nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better, or even as well, under different circumstances. His UNK Igor Stravinsky, certainly did not. Why did Prokofieff expand in stature and UNK while Stravinsky (who leaped into fame like a young UNK UNK in stature and UNK I think the answer is to be found in Prokofieff's own words: "the clarity must be new, not UNK When Prokofieff UNK his new clarity of UNK straightforward music, so difficult to UNK he shaped his talents to his purpose. When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many UNK many UNK many UNK many personalities, he tried to UNK himself into a UNK of many UNK determined by many disparate UNK Prokofieff was guided in a consistent direction by the life of his own people- by the compass of their national ideas. But Stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was UNK In all his UNK Stravinsky made the fatal historical UNK of UNK that he could transform other UNK UNK representing many peoples, time periods and UNK into his own music by UNK the harmony, melody, or form, to verify his own experiments. Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early UNK materials, and his flair for UNK his brilliant UNK his savage UNK du UNK his incisive UNK UNK the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were UNK But time is running out, and many of UNK UNK begin to fear that he will never find UNK UNK His various aesthetic UNK remain as landmarks of a house divided against UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and most recently, UNK all competing with each other within one UNK What a UNK of UNK and UNK UNK and UNK UNK linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty UNK a UNK UNK of our National UNK UNK UNK UNK a poor attempt to write an UNK jazz UNK a circus UNK for UNK his hopes that the tunes from his old music might be used for popular American commercial UNK Stravinsky, nearing the age of UNK is like a lost and frantic UNK UNK from one abandoned nest to another, searching for a home. How differently Prokofieff's life UNK Prokofieff was able to adjust his creative personality to a swiftly changing world without losing his particular force and direction. In the process, his native endowments were UNK strengthened and disciplined to serve their human purpose. With a large and UNK UNK technique, he wove the materials of national heroes and events, national folklore and children's UNK UNK UNK dances and love UNK into a solid musical literature which served his people well, and is providing much enjoyment to the World at large. Of course, it must not be forgotten that in achieving this historical UNK Prokofieff had the vast resources of his people behind him; time and economic UNK symphony UNK opera and ballet UNK UNK chamber music UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK large and eager audiences. It must be conceded that his native land provided Prokofieff with many of the necessary conditions for great creative UNK economic security and cultural opportunities, incisive UNK social UNK for a new national UNK a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose. Thus in Prokofieff the Union of Soviet Socialist UNK produced one of the great composers of the Twentieth UNK That his moods, even in his early years, are those of his people, does him honor, as his music honors those who inspired it. That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary UNK is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and UNK the rigors of a new UNK and perhaps of even greater UNK his music is strong UNK evidence of the effectiveness of UNK based on a broad UNK for the creative art of music. April 10 marked a memorable date in New York's musical history- indeed in the musical history of the entire eastern United States. On that date the UNK Emergency Fund, organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash, observed its 30th anniversary. UNK UNK IS UNK A UNK UNK whose style and direction has a UNK with the English UNK of the early nineteenth century, especially the beautifully patterned art of John UNK UNK And like this English master, Mason UNK his subjects in large, simplified masses which, though they seem UNK are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough UNK of the natural form that inspired them. As a boy Roy Mason began the long process of extracting the goodness of the UNK its tang of weather, its change of UNK its variable UNK His father, a professional UNK and an amateur landscape painter, took his sons on numerous hunting UNK and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature. Out of this background of hunting and fishing, it was only natural that Roy first painted subjects he knew UNK hunters in the field, fishermen in the stream, UNK and UNK on the UNK almost always against a vast UNK of weather UNK It is this subject matter that has brought Mason a large and enthusiastic following among UNK but it is his exceptional performance with this motif that UNK him to artists and UNK collectors. Mason had to earn the privilege of devoting himself exclusively to painting. Like many others, he had to work hard, long hours in a struggling family business which, though it was allied to art of a kind- the design and production of engraved UNK bore no relation to the painting of pictures. But it did teach Roy the basic techniques of commercial art, and later, for twelve years, he and his sister UNK conducted an advertising art studio in Philadelphia. On the death of their father, they returned to their home in UNK New York. After more years of concentrated effort, Roy and his brother Max finally established a thriving family business at the old stand. During all this time Roy continued to UNK first only on UNK and then, as the family business permitted, for longer periods. Gradually he withdrew from the shop UNK and for the past thirty years, he has worked independently as a painter, except for his continued hunting and fishing UNK But even on these, the UNK often takes over while the shotgun UNK UNK Except for a rich friendship with the painter, UNK UNK who gave him the only professional instruction he ever had- and this was limited to a few UNK though the two artists often went on painting trips UNK Roy developed his art by himself. In the best tradition, he first taught himself to see, then to draw with accuracy and UNK and then to paint. He worked in oil for years before beginning his work in UNK and his first public recognition and early UNK including his election to the UNK were for his essays in the heavier UNK Gradually watercolor claimed his greater affection until today it has become his UNK if not UNK technique. It has been my privilege to paint with Roy Mason on numerous occasions, mostly in the vicinity of UNK More often than not I have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where I could watch this man transform raw nature into a composed, not UNK painting. What I have observed time and time again is a process of integration, integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form; color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole UNK and that UNK amazing control of large washes which is the Mason UNK Finally come those little UNK of a UNK brush and the job is done. UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK But for the technical fact, we have the artist's own UNK "Of late years, I find that I like best to work UNK First I make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale (approximately **f UNK in which I pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values- the UNK light, the middle tone, and the UNK UNK by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns. If a human figure or wild life are to be part of the projected final picture, I try to place them in the initial UNK For me, these will belong more completely to their surroundings if they are conceived in this early stage, though I freely admit that I do not hesitate to add or eliminate figures on the full sheet when it serves my final purpose. "I am thoroughly convinced that most watercolors suffer because the artist expects nature will do his composing for him; as a result, such pictures are only a literal translation of what the artist finds in the scene before him. Just because a tree or other object appears in a certain spot is absolutely no reason to place it in the same position in the painting, unless the position serves the design of the whole composition. If the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design, often only UNK UNK pictures would result. Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees, UNK and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position, which I call UNK UNK in painting a picture is valid only when it UNK spontaneity and UNK but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution, he would do well to take these first sketches and UNK UNK their design to achieve a unified composition. "If I have seemed to emphasize the structure of the composition, I mean to project equal concern for color. Often, in working UNK under all conditions of light and atmosphere, a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright, too UNK or too light, or too dark when viewed indoors in a UNK When this occurs, I make the change on the sketch or on the final UNK if I have been working on a full sheet in the field. "When working from one of my sketches I square it up and project its linear form freehand to the watercolor sheet with UNK When this linear draft is completed, I dust it down to a faint image. From this point, I paint in as direct a manner as possible, by flowing on the washes with as pure a color mixture as I can UNK However, first I thoughtfully study my sketch for improvement of color and design along the lines I have described. Then I plan my UNK the parts I will finish first, the range of values, the UNK of minor UNK all in all, mechanics of producing the finished job with a maximum of UNK The longer I work, the more I am sure that for me, at least, a UNK method is important. Trial and error are better placed in the preliminary sketch than in hoping for miracles in the final painting. "As for materials, I use the best available. I work on a watercolor UNK in the field, and frequently resort to a large garden UNK to protect my eyes from undue strain. In my studio I work at a UNK table, but leave the paper UNK so that I can move it freely to control the UNK I have used a variety of UNK UNK papers, but prefer an English UNK rough surface, in UNK weight. After selecting a sheet and UNK it for UNK (even the best sometimes has foreign UNK on its UNK I sponge it thoroughly on both sides with clean, cold water. Then I dry the sheet under mild pressure so that it will lie flat as a board. "In addition to the usual tools, I make constant use of UNK UNK not only to wipe my UNK but to UNK up certain areas, to soften edges, and to open up lights in dark UNK The great UNK of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the UNK I also use a small electric UNK to dry large washes in the UNK "My UNK are different from those used by most UNK for I combine the UNK and the UNK The red UNK are UNK two UNK UNK and UNK and a very large, flat wash brush. The bristles are a UNK UNK and a one-half inch brush UNK to a sharp UNK edge. "My usual UNK consists of UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK raw UNK raw umber, burnt UNK UNK UNK blue, UNK blue, French UNK blue, UNK green, UNK green UNK UNK yellow pale, yellow UNK UNK gray, charcoal gray, UNK gray, and ivory UNK In analyzing the watercolors of Roy Mason, the first thing that comes to mind is their essential UNK yet this word has such a varied connotation that it needs some UNK here. True, a Mason watercolor is unmistakably a synthesis of nature rather than a detailed UNK Unlike many decorative patterns that present a static flat convention, this artist's pictures are full of atmosphere and UNK Long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential UNK a UNK in sharp UNK either a light area with dark UNK or a dark one with UNK a middle distance often containing the major UNK and a background, usually a UNK form UNK against the sky. In following this general principle, Mason provides the observer with a natural eye UNK from UNK to background, and the illusion of depth is instantly created. When painting, UNK physical eyes are UNK while his mind's eye is wide open, and this circumstance accounts in part for the impression he wishes to UNK He does not insist on telling all he knows about any given UNK rather his pictures invite the observer to draw on his memory, his imagination, his UNK It is for this reason that Roy avoids selecting subjects that require specific recognition of place for their enjoyment. His pictures UNK though they are inspired by a particular UNK they UNK in terms of weather, UNK earth, and people. By dealing with common landscape in an uncommon way, Roy Mason has found a particular UNK in American landscape art. Living with his watercolors is a UNK experience of seeing nature distilled through the eyes of a sensitive UNK a breath and breadth of the outdoor world to help man honor the Creator of it all. The artist was born in Gilbert Mills, New York, in UNK and until two years ago when he and his wife moved to California, he lived in western New York, in UNK When I looked up the actual date of his birth and found it to be March UNK I realized that Roy was born under the right UNK sign for a UNK the water sign of UNK UNK UNK UNK And how very often a water plane is featured in his UNK and how appropriate that he should appear in AMERICAN UNK again, in his UNK month of UNK Over the years, beginning in 1929, Mason has been awarded seventeen major UNK including two gold UNK two UNK Fund purchase UNK the Joseph UNK Memorial UNK two American Watercolor Society UNK the UNK Purchase Prize for UNK Art Institute of UNK and others in Buffalo, New York, UNK New UNK UNK UNK and most recently, the $300 prize for a watercolor at the UNK Beach Art Association, He was elected to the National Academy of UNK as an Associate in the oil class in 1931 UNK receiving his first UNK Fund Purchase Prize at the Academy in UNK and elevated to UNK in 1940. Other UNK include the American Watercolor Society, Philadelphia Water Color Club, Allied Artists of America, Audubon UNK Baltimore Watercolor Society. The Russian gymnasts beat the UNK out of the American gymnasts in the 1960 UNK for one reason- they were better. They were better trained, better UNK better built, better disciplined **h and something else- UNK were better UNK Our UNK are only just beginning to learn that they must study dance. The Russians are all trained as dancers before they start to study gymnastics. But why gymnastics at UNK And is the sport really UNK After all, we did pretty well in some other areas of the UNK competition. But if it is important, what can we do to improve UNK It is more than just lack of dance training that is our problem, for just as gymnastics can learn from dance, dance has some very important things to learn from gymnastics. Taking first things first, let's understand the sport called gymnastics. It is made up of UNK which might be said to start with a UNK run through such UNK as UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK in nearly impossible combinations of aerial UNK and twists **h and apparatus work. The apparatus used by gymnasts was once a common sight in American UNK but about 1930 it was dropped in favor of games. The parallel bars, horse, UNK UNK horizontal bar, UNK and UNK formerly in the school UNK were replaced by baseball, UNK basketball and football. But the Russians use gymnastics as the first step in training for all other sports because it provides training in every basic quality except one, endurance. The UNK must develop strength, UNK UNK UNK rhythm, courage, discipline, persistence and the desire for perfection. In short, gymnastics uses every part of the body and requires a great deal of character as well. The addition of endurance training later, when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of UNK provides that final quality that makes the top athlete, soldier or UNK Another reason gymnastic study is valuable is that it can be started very early in life. UNK enterprising teacher or parent UNK start training a healthy child at the age of seven days. Most Europeans have been exercising newborn infants for UNK In most UNK as in most walks of life, the UNK are on the side of those who begin young, and the Russian competitor of 16 has at least thirteen years of training behind him. The American is very lucky if he has three. If a nation wished to get a head start in physical fitness over all other nations, it would start its UNK students on a program of gymnastics the day they entered and thus eliminate a large number of the problems that plague American schools. First of the problems attacked would be fatigue and emotional tension, since action UNK both. UNK enough, it is proven that there would be less reading difficulty. Certainly there would be less anxiety, fewer accidents (it is the UNK child who UNK the worst UNK and higher scholastic averages, since alert children work better. Russia knows this, and that is why there were over UNK competing for places as candidates for the Olympic gymnastic team. UNK thousand won top honors and a chance to try for the team itself. We could scarcely find eighty in our great land of over 180 million people. And what has dancing to do with all this? A great deal. Russia's young gymnasts have studied dance before having the rigorous training on UNK UNK trained in posture and coordinated movement, and UNK to rhythm, they presented the audiences in Rome with one of the most beautiful sights ever seen at any Olympic contest. American audiences in particular learned two valuable UNK They saw completely masculine and obviously UNK men performing with incredible grace. They were further stripped of old UNK tales by seeing the slender, lovely Russian girls performing feats requiring tremendous strength **h and with not one UNK UNK President Kennedy has asked that we become a physically fit nation. If we wait until children are in junior high or high school, we will never manage it. To be fit, one has to start early with young children, and today the only person who really reaches such children is the teacher of dance. If the dance teachers of America make it their business to prepare their young charges for the gymnastics that must come some day if our schools are really UNK we will be that much ahead. School teachers, all too unprepared for the job they must do, will need UNK There should be youngsters who know how to do a UNK and also how to help other children learn it. They should know simple exercises that could prepare less fortunate children for the sports we will demand be UNK Dance teachers can respond to President Kennedy's request not only through their regular dance work, but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility. Very little in today's living provides the strength we need **h and nothing provides the flexibility. UNK do have flexibility. They often UNK however, to develop real UNK back, chest, shoulder and arm strength. Ask any group of UNK to do ten UNK or three UNK and the results, considering the amount of physical training they have had, will be very disappointing. Even the boys will not be outstanding in these areas. This isn't surprising when we consider that over 29 percent of the UNK boys in America UNK chin themselves UNK and that English school girls outdo them in almost every test (even UNK and UNK The only area in which American boys hold their own is the baseball throw. #THE UNK UNK For arm and shoulder strength a UNK bar is recommended. It should be installed over a door that is in full view of everyone, and a chair should be placed under it, a little to one side. Those children who can chin themselves should be told to do <one> chin up each time they pass under it. Those who are too weak, should climb on the chair and, starting at the top of the UNK let themselves UNK down. When they can take ten seconds to accomplish the descent, they will have the strength to chin UNK Parents should be informed about this system and encouraged to do the same with the whole family at home. #THE UNK UNK UNK shoulder, chest, upper and lower back strength will be aided with the Horse UNK Start on hands and feet. UNK the hands in the starting position, run in place to a quick UNK After this has become UNK use slower and slower rhythms, kicking higher and higher. Follow this by crossing from one corner of the room to the other on all UNK kicking as high as possible. UNK UNK are essential, but few have the strength for them at first. Start on the knees in a large circle. Fall slowly forward onto the hands and let the body down to rest on the floor. UNK back up and repeat. Do this exercise six times each class period. As strength improves start in a standing position with legs wide apart and upper body bent forward. Start by falling forward to a point close to the feet, and, as strength UNK fall farther and farther out. Try to push back to the stand position from the stretched position without any intermediate pushes from the hands. The UNK itself can be taught by starting at the UNK of the UNK with legs spread wide. Let the body down slowly, taking at least five seconds for the letting UNK Five of these done daily for about a week will develop the strength for one UNK UNK UNK come after arms, chest and shoulders have developed at least a minimum of strength. Of course those who have developed more will find them easier. Start with the class standing in a circle, with weight on the right foot and the left extended a little way into the circle. At first each child should do a kick up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone, and those who need help. UNK both hands to the floor and at the same time kick the right foot up in back. The left will follow at once. The right will land first, followed by the left. UNK to the standing position. UNK should be taken to see that the hands are placed on the floor before the kick starts and also that the landing foot is brought as close to the hands as possible. This will prevent flat falls and toe UNK UNK feet are better for such work than any form of UNK Eventually the class will be able to kick up high enough so that the teacher can catch the leading leg. The child should then bring both legs together UNK point the toes and tighten the seat muscles. Be sure that the landing foot is brought close to the hands and that only one foot lands at a time. UNK The UNK is of extreme importance to any form of free UNK and, as with all UNK the sooner begun the better the results. Have the class lie UNK with knees apart and UNK Place flat palms on either side of the head a few inches away from the ears, UNK pointing toward the UNK UNK the back upwards to make a bridge. Be sure the head drops backward so that the child looks at the floor rather than toward the ceiling. As flexibility UNK the feet will move closer to the hands and the bridge rise higher. Later this can be combined with the UNK to provide a UNK UNK UNK To further increase back UNK work on the back circle. Have the class lie UNK Place the hands in front of the chest. Keep the legs straight and the toes UNK UNK the arms slowly, this arches the back. At the peak of the UNK tip the head back and bend the knees in an effort to touch toes to head. UNK can be measured by the lessening distance between toes and head. UNK The last essential to the UNK gymnastic program is the UNK or forward UNK This used to be part of every child's bag of UNK but few children can do it UNK some are actually incapable of rolling forward and are completely confused when not sitting or standing UNK For most small children, learning a forward roll is simply a matter of UNK another child who can. After it has been seen, have the child start on a mat on hands and knees (a thin, inexpensive mat is quite sufficient for anything that does not require UNK He places the hands on either side of the head, keeping the chin down on the chest. He then pushes his seat into the air and the teacher guides it over. One or two practice runs should be sufficient for UNK If, however, the child is weak, overweight, or afraid, more help will be needed. When the child raises his seat into the air, the teacher takes hold under both sides of the UNK then no matter what happens, the child's performance will be UNK By lifting the seat upwards a little, the weight is taken off the neck and the back is kept UNK These are UNK but correctly learned they prepare for satisfying and exciting UNK that can be performed by a strong, flexible body (we are not talking of eccentric UNK Even if gymnastics are not the ultimate goal, the good UNK will be a better dancer, a better athlete, and a human being with a greater margin of safety in any activity. It is very important for parents to understand that early training is UNK And dancing school, so helpful in artistic and psychological development, also contributes to this essential early UNK and can contribute even more. EVERY taxpayer is well aware of the vast size of our annual defense budget and most of our readers also realize that a large portion of these expenditures go for military UNK We have noted how some electronic techniques, developed for the defense effort, have UNK been used in commerce and industry. The host of novel applications of electronics to medical problems is far more thrilling because of their implication in matters concerning our health and vitality. When we consider the electronic industry potential for human UNK the prospect is UNK The author has recently studied the field of medical electronics and has been convinced that, in this area alone, the application of electronic equipment has enormous possibilities. The benefits electronics can bring to UNK may be greater by far than any previous medical discovery. We use the term UNK because of the close interrelation between biology and medical research. Electronics has been applied to medicine for many years in the form of such familiar equipment as the x-ray machine, the UNK and the UNK machine. Recently many doctors have installed ultrasonic vibration machines for deep UNK of UNK UNK and simple UNK UNK used electronic devices which are found in practically every hospital are UNK ~TV and UNK systems for internal UNK and UNK along with radiation UNK UNK and similar devices. In this article we will concentrate on the advances in the application of electronics in UNK research laboratories because this is where tomorrow's commonplace equipment UNK From the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic techniques perfected in the past few years we have selected a few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research. UNK UNK Many cells, UNK and other microorganisms are transparent to visible light and must be stained for microscopic investigation. This stain often UNK the normal cell activity or else colors only the outside. A completely new insight into living cells and their structure will be possible by use of a new technique which replaces visible light with ultraviolet radiation and combines a microscope with a UNK system to view the results. Fig& 1 is a simplified block diagram of the ultraviolet UNK system developed at the Medical Electronics Center of Rockefeller Institute. By combining the talents of a medical man, Dr& UNK a UNK Mr& UNK and an electronics expert, Dr& UNK this novel technique has been developed which promises to open broad avenues to understanding life processes. Three different wavelengths of ultraviolet radiation are selected by the variable filters placed in front of the three mercury UNK lights which serve as the ultraviolet sources. These wavelengths are reflected in sequence through the specimen by the rotating UNK the specimen is magnified by the UNK Instead of the UNK eye the image UNK in the ~TV camera does the UNK The microscope and UNK are both selected to operate well into the ultraviolet spectrum, which means that all lenses must be UNK The UNK signal is amplified and then UNK in UNK with the three ultraviolet light sources which are UNK by the rotating mirror so that during UNK of a second only one UNK corresponding to red, green, or blue, is seen. UNK Because of light UNK from one ultraviolet source to another, the lights are switched by a UNK assembly rotated by a UNK motor. This assembly also supplies a UNK switching gate for the electronics UNK This is the same system as was used in the UNK UNK system which preceded the present simultaneous system. Three separate UNK then drive a UNK UNK tube. The result is a color picture of the specimen where the primary colors correspond to the three different ultraviolet UNK Many of the cells and microorganisms which are transparent to visible light, absorb or reflect the much shorter wavelengths of the ultraviolet UNK Different parts of these cells sometimes absorb or reflect different wavelengths so that it is often possible to see internal portions of cells in a different color. Where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all, ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color ~TV picture reveal a wealth of detail. At the present time the research team which pioneered this new technique is primarily interested in advancing and perfecting it. UNK UNK UNK The medical title of UNK UNK in UNK by Drs& C& J& Martin and A& C& Young, covers a brief paper which is one part of a much larger effort to apply electronics to the study of the respiratory process. At the University of Washington Medical School, the electronics group has developed the UNK Gas UNK shown in Fig& 3. This unit, UNK dubbed "The UNK can be wheeled to any convenient location and provides a wealth of information about the patient's UNK In the lower center UNK an UNK recorder indicates the percentage of carbon UNK and nitrogen from the upper and lower lobes of one UNK the total volume of UNK per breath, the flow of air from both UNK and the pressure of the two lobes with respect to each other. Usually the patient UNK into a UNK while walking a UNK standing still, or in some other UNK significant position. From the resulting data the doctor can determine lung defects with hitherto unknown accuracy and detail. UNK UNK The original UNK primarily indicates irregularities in the UNK but today's techniques allow exact measurements of the flow of blood through the UNK dimensioning of the heart and its UNK and a much more detailed study of each UNK For many of these measurements the chest must be opened, but the blood vessels and the heart itself remain UNK A group of UNK at the University of Washington have given a paper which briefly outlines some of these techniques. One simple method of measuring the expansion of the heart is to tie a thin rubber UNK filled with UNK around the heart and record the change in resistance as the tube is UNK A balanced resistance bridge and a pen recorder are all the electronic instrumentation needed. UNK can be used to measure the thickness of the heart by placing small crystal UNK at opposite sides of the heart or blood vessel and exciting one with some UNK ultrasonic energy. The travel time of sound in tissue is about UNK meters per second thus it takes about 16 UNK to UNK 25 mm& of tissue. A sonar or UNK of pulse generator and UNK measuring system is required for UNK evaluation. In addition to the heart and UNK successful measurements of liver and UNK have also been made by this technique. The UNK effect, using ultrasonic signals, can be employed to measure the flow of blood without cutting into the blood vessel. A still more sophisticated system has been devised for determining the effective power of the heart itself. It uses both an ultrasonic dimensioning arrangement of the heart and a UNK carrying a UNK inserted into the UNK The latter measures the heat carried away by the UNK as an indication of the velocity of the blood flow. It is also possible to utilize a pressure UNK mounted at the end of a UNK which is inserted into the UNK left UNK to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself. This pressure measurement may be made at the same time that the ultrasonic dimensioning measurement is made. A simplified version of the instrumentation for this procedure is shown in Fig& 2. UNK of the two systems are measured by a UNK circuit and a resistance bridge, followed by a simple UNK computer which feeds a UNK UNK From this doctors can read heart rate, change in UNK pressure, and effective heart power. UNK UNK Several years ago UNK were made by a small radio transmitter capsule which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to external UNK This original capsule contained a battery and a UNK UNK and was about 1 cm& in diameter. UNK life limited the use of this "pill" to about 8 to 30 hours maximum. A refinement of this technique has been described by Drs& UNK and UNK and Mr& UNK of the Medical Electronics Center of the Rockefeller Institute. In this novel arrangement the "pill" is much smaller and contains only a resonant circuit in which the UNK is formed by a UNK UNK As shown in Fig& 4, an external antenna is placed over or around the patient and excited UNK times a second with short UNK UNK The energy received by the "pill" causes the resonant circuit to UNK on after the burst and this UNK takes place at the resonant frequency of the UNK These frequencies are amplified and detected by the UNK receiver after each burst of transmitted energy and, after the "pill" has been UNK precise internal pressure indications can be obtained. One of the advantages of this method is that the "pill" can remain in the patient for several days, permitting observation under natural conditions. UNK to organs other than the UNK tract are planned for future experiments. UNK IN MEDICAL UNK One of the most gratifying applications of an important technique of submarine detection is in the exploration of the human body. Our readers are familiar with the principles of sonar where sound waves are sent out in water and the echoes then indicate submerged objects. Various methods of UNK UNK and displaying these sound waves are used to detect submarines, map ocean floors, and even communicate under water. In medicine the frequencies are much higher, UNK and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller, and different UNK techniques may be used, but the principles involved are the same as in UNK Because the body contains so much UNK transmission of ultrasonic signals proceeds fairly well in muscles and blood vessels. UNK and UNK transmit poorly and tend to reflect the ultrasonic UNK Based on this phenomenon, a number of investigators have used this method to "look UNK human UNK A good example of the results obtainable with ultrasonic radiation is contained in papers presented by Dr& G& UNK who has explored the human eye. He can diagnose UNK of the UNK where conventional methods indicate blindness due to UNK The method used to scan the eye UNK is illustrated in Fig& 6. The transducer is coupled to the body through a water UNK not shown. For display, Dr& UNK uses a portion of an **f, an airborne radar indicator, and then photographs the screen to obtain a permanent record. A typical UNK of a human eye, together with a description of the anatomical parts, is shown in Fig& 5. The frequency used for these experiments is 15 UNK and the transducer is a specially cut crystal with an UNK lens capable of providing beam diameters smaller than one UNK The transducer itself moves the beam in a sector UNK just like a radar UNK while the entire transducer structure is moved over a UNK arc in front of the eye to "look UNK all UNK The total picture is only seen by the camera which UNK the many sector UNK over the entire UNK rotation period. Drs& UNK and Holmes at the University of Colorado Medical School have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results. By UNK the patient in a tub and rotating the transducer while the UNK goes on, they have been able to get cross-section views of the neck, as shown in Fig& 7, as well as many other hitherto impossible insights. As mentioned before, bone reflects the sound energy and in Fig& 7 the portion of the UNK shows as the black area in the center. UNK and UNK are apparent by their black, UNK centers and the surrounding white walls. A cross-section of a normal lower human leg is shown in Fig& 8 with the various parts UNK UNK boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life. He was born in the small Danish town of UNK on the island of UNK in the UNK part of UNK on August 14, UNK His father UNK was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family, let alone educate them in a town without even a school. The two older boys, Hans and UNK his junior by a year, therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly UNK nearby for instruction in UNK his wife taught the two boys to read and write UNK Other brothers later joined them for instruction with UNK the UNK and also arithmetic was added to Bible reading, German, and Danish in the informal curriculum. UNK contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town's learned, such as the pastor, to supplement the simple teaching. From the town UNK Hans learned drawing and mathematics and, from a university student, some academic subjects. The mayor of the town taught them English and French. Whatever Hans or UNK learned separately they passed on to each other; they read every book that they could borrow in the village. At 12, Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop, which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science. His earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life. In 1793 the brothers decided to enter the University of Copenhagen UNK in UNK and the following spring found them at the university preparing to UNK for the autumn session. While Hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine, physics, and astronomy, his brother studied law. The brothers continued to help each other during their studies, sharing a joint UNK lodging together in the UNK and dining together at the home of their UNK They supplemented their income by small government assistance, by UNK and UNK wherever they could. So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote, "to be perfectly free, the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and UNK there is a struggle there, in which, if he UNK it is easy for him to rise again, there is freedom of utterance there, which draws after it no UNK consequences on society **h. I lived in this UNK contest where each day UNK a new difficulty, gained a new truth, or banished a previous UNK He openly proclaimed his pleasure in UNK and writing about science. In this third year at the university, UNK in UNK was awarded the first important token of UNK a gold UNK for his essay on UNK of Poetry and UNK He completed his training in UNK also, taking his degree with high honors in UNK and in UNK was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine. He proposed a fresh theory of UNK which later was accepted in chemical practices. UNK OF UNK UNK UNK STUDENT UNK were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual UNK following the revolutions in America and in France, Germany and Italy were rising from divisive UNK and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the UNK The new century opened with Oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an apothecary shop in Copenhagen and as lecturer at the university. He was stirred by the announcement of UNK discovery of chemical electricity and he immediately applied the voltaic pile to experiments with acids and UNK The following year he devoted to the customary UNK traveling in Germany, France, and the UNK meeting the philosophers UNK UNK and UNK He also met Count UNK UNK Benjamin Thompson in UNK UNK who was then serving the UNK of UNK and the UNK UNK these were Oersted's main contacts in science. From UNK UNK where he stayed for 10 days, he wrote, "The first question asked everywhere is about UNK As everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes I have UNK I have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes (in Copenhagen I used 30) and intend to carry it with me". Oersted joined Ritter at UNK and stayed with him for 3 weeks, continuing their correspondence after he left. With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic UNK of ideas that stormed through his UNK fertile but disorganized mind. Oersted UNK UNK notes into an essay in French which was submitted to the UNK de France for its annual prize of 3,000 UNK The sound discoveries of this UNK genius were so diluted by those of fantasy that the prize was never awarded to him. In May, UNK UNK in another flight of fancy, wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable UNK He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical UNK Thus, UNK corresponded to the invention of the UNK jar by UNK UNK that of the UNK by UNK UNK produced the UNK of UNK and UNK the voltaic UNK Ritter UNK "You now emerge into a new UNK in which late in the year 1819 or UNK you will have to UNK This we might well UNK Ritter died in 1810 and Oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it. In UNK Oersted returned to Copenhagen and applied for the university's chair in physics but was rejected because he was probably considered more a philosopher than a UNK However, he continued experimenting and UNK publishing the results of his experiments in German and Danish periodicals. In UNK his ambition was realized and he became professor of physics at the Copenhagen University, though not realizing full UNK UNK until UNK During Oersted's attendance at the university, it was poorly equipped with physical apparatus for experimenting in the sciences. He was, however, fortunate in his contact with Prof& J& G& L& Manthey UNK teacher of chemistry, who, in addition to his academic chair, was also proprietor of the UNK UNK in Copenhagen where Oersted assisted him. Manthey maintained a valuable collection of physical and chemical apparatus which was at Oersted's disposal during and after his graduation. In UNK Manthey went abroad and Oersted was appointed manager of the UNK UNK In February UNK Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead. In the following year, UNK UNK simultaneously with UNK discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts. UNK as he was to pursue this promising line, he was so loaded down with the management of the UNK and lectures in the medical and UNK faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to UNK He assumed his academic career with the same intensity and UNK that had marked every step in his rise from UNK The university was the only one in UNK and the status of professor represented the upper social level. His broad interest in literary, political, and philosophical movements opened many doors to him. His friends were numerous and their ties to him were strong. The years UNK and UNK saw him in Germany and France again, but on this visit to Berlin he did not seek out the philosophers as he had on his first journey. In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation UNK UNK under the title UNK sur UNK des forces UNK et UNK a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research UNK His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated. Chapter /8, is entitled "On UNK and in it are included such remarks as, "One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces. The great resemblance between electrical and magnetic attractions and UNK and the similarity of their laws necessarily would bring about this comparison. It is true, that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by UNK but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference **h. The form of UNK activity is halfway between the magnetic form and the electrical form. There, forces are more latent than in electricity, and less than in magnetism **h. But in such an important question, we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty, and not a thing which is contrary to it **h. One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat, which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature, just as electrical bodies do. It is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature, as proven by UNK and UNK By that, one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces. An attempt should be made to see if electricity, in its most latent stage, has any action on the magnet as UNK His plan and intent were clearly UNK Oersted returned in UNK and resumed an active part in university and political UNK In one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to UNK in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship. He continued as a popular UNK He devised a UNK fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current. In 1819 under royal command he undertook a very successful UNK UNK to UNK one of the Danish UNK being one of three scientists in the UNK It was with the assistance of one of the members of this UNK UNK UNK that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow. Together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of UNK thereby producing stronger UNK UNK was among those who witnessed Oersted's first demonstration of his discovery. UNK OF UNK THE UNK between electric (both electrostatic and UNK forces and magnetic forces had been recognized by investigators for many decades. Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had UNK iron and had altered the polarity of compass UNK In the late UNK UNK and van UNK among others, had UNK iron by sending an electrostatic charge through it. UNK had almost stumbled on a lead to the relationship between electricity and magnetism when a discharge from a UNK jar was sent UNK through a piece of UNK steel making its ends UNK The resulting magnetic effect proved stronger than when the discharge was made UNK The experiments of UNK and others have already been noted but no one had determined the UNK relationship between these two primary forces. Oersted's own earlier experiments were UNK possibly because he had, like other UNK laid the conducting wire across the compass needle instead of parallel with it. The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of UNK At this lecture Oersted happened to place the conducting wire over and parallel to a magnetic needle. UNK UNK what the many feed additives can do and how and when to feed them can make a highly competitive business more profitable for beef, UNK and sheep men. The UNK UNK quickly and briefly tells you which additives do what. All the additives listed here are sanctioned for use by the Food and Drug Administration of the federal government. All comments concerning effectiveness and use of drugs have been carefully reviewed by a veterinary medical officer with UNK This article assumes that the UNK you are feeding your beef, dairy cattle, and sheep are adequately balanced with protein, UNK and UNK The UNK chemical name is UNK since most states require feed UNK to use this name instead of the trade name on the feed UNK In some instances, the trade name is shown in UNK following the chemical name. This indicates that this drug is being UNK under one trade name only or state regulatory organizations have approved its use on the feed UNK UNK YOUR UNK UNK UNK FOR UNK #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK hydrochloride UNK _WHAT IT DOES:_ Increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency, aids in the prevention or treatment UNK on level UNK of the early stages of shipping fever, prevents or treats bacterial diarrhea, and aids in reducing incidence of bloat and liver UNK Milk production may be increased by the UNK properties of this UNK _HOW TO FEED: BEEF UNK UNK UNK To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency, feed 75 milligrams per head in daily UNK UNK To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency, feed 10 to 25 grams per ton of complete feed. As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea UNK feed 50 grams per ton of complete feed. For the treatment of bacterial UNK feed UNK UNK For prevention or treatment of bacterial UNK feed 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body weight daily. UNK AND UNK As an aid in reducing incidence and severity of bloat, provide 75 milligrams of UNK hydrochloride per animal daily. To reduce incidence of liver UNK supply 75 milligrams of UNK activity per head daily. To prevent or treat bacterial diarrhea, furnish 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body weight daily. For the prevention or treatment of the early stages of shipping fever complex, increase feeding level to 0.5 to 2 grams per head per day. For the best results, feed this level to cattle 3 to 5 days preceding UNK and/or 3 to 5 days following their arrival in your feed lot. For treatment of shipping fever, this level should be fed at the onset of the disease symptoms until symptoms disappear. UNK To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency, feed 10 to 20 grams per ton. As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea UNK feed 50 grams per ton. #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK UNK _WHAT IT DOES:_ Increases UNK improves feed efficiency, and reduces losses from bacterial infections listed under "how to UNK section. Milk production may be increased by the UNK properties of this UNK _HOW TO FEED: UNK Not less than 70 milligrams of Aureomycin per head daily to aid in the prevention of liver UNK in UNK beef cattle. UNK of bacterial UNK shipping fever, as an aid in reduction of losses due to respiratory infections UNK UNK shipping fever UNK Feed at level of 70 milligrams per head per day. Treatment of the above UNK 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only. For prevention of these diseases during periods of stress such as shipping, excessive UNK UNK extreme weather conditions: 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only. As an aid in reducing bacterial diarrhea and preventing foot UNK feed not less than 0.1 milligram per pound of body weight daily. To aid in the prevention of UNK feed not less than 0.5 milligram per pound of body weight daily. UNK For UNK feed not less than 50 grams of Aureomycin per ton complete feed as an aid in preventing bacterial diarrhea and foot UNK For UNK feed providing an intake of 0.1 milligram of Aureomycin per pound of body weight daily aids in the reduction of bacterial diarrhea, in the prevention of foot UNK and in the reduction of losses due to respiratory infection UNK UNK shipping fever UNK UNK As an aid in reducing losses due to UNK UNK UNK feed a complete ration containing not less than 20 and not more than 50 grams of Aureomycin per ton. To reduce UNK UNK in UNK UNK feed 80 milligrams per head daily. #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# Dynafac _WHAT IT DOES:_ An aid in getting cattle and sheep on full feed, in improving feed conversion and growth, in reducing bloat and founder, and in controlling UNK _HOW TO FEED: BEEF AND UNK UNK 0.2 gram Dynafac per head daily UNK gram of premix per head UNK for promoting growth, feed conversion, UNK and full feed earlier. UNK UNK UNK Dynafac in a complete ration or 0.3 to 0.4 gram per head per day UNK grams of premix per ton complete ration or UNK Animals consuming 20 pounds feed daily receive 2 grams UNK Aids in minimizing the occurrence of UNK bloat due to high consumption of UNK UNK AND UNK 1.0 gram premix per head per day for promoting growth, feed conversion, and getting lambs on full feed earlier. #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK _WHAT IT DOES:_ Increases rate of gain and improves feed UNK _HOW TO FEED: BEEF UNK 10 milligrams of diethylstilbestrol per head daily. This may be incorporated in complete feeds at the level of 0.4 milligram of diethylstilbestrol per pound of UNK assuming animal UNK about 25 pounds daily. The drug is also incorporated in supplements. These are to be fed at a rate to provide 10 milligrams UNK per head daily. The recommended UNK daily intake level should be maintained. It may be incorporated into cattle creep feeds in levels from 1.0 to 1.5 milligrams of diethylstilbestrol per pound of feed. UNK UNK UNK The recommended level for sheep is 2 milligrams daily, and this level should be maintained. UNK supplement containing 0.4 to 2 milligrams per pound to provide 2 milligrams per head per day. _CAUTION:_ UNK UNK 48 hours before UNK #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK hydrochloride _WHAT IT DOES:_ UNK growth rate and feed efficiency of UNK beef animals. _HOW TO FEED:_ At the rate of 2-1/2 milligrams per head per day. #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK UNK _WHAT IT DOES:_ Drug UNK the UNK rate of the UNK UNK to dairy cattle to increase milk production and UNK percentage. _HOW TO FEED:_ 1 to 1-1/2 grams per 100 pounds of body weight. _CAUTION:_ Cows receiving drug may not be officially tested under breed UNK testing programs. #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK and UNK enzymes. UNK enzyme preparations appear on today's feed UNK as UNK extracts of UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK _WHAT IT DOES:_ UNK utilization of UNK corn UNK than UNK _HOW TO FEED:_ Greatest benefits have been associated with feeding UNK corn in UNK programs. Several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers. #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK _WHAT IT DOES:_ UNK controls cattle UNK which damage UNK and can reduce UNK _HOW TO FEED:_ Drug is added to either a protein or mineral supplement for a period of 7 or 14 days. Follow manufacturer's recommendation carefully. _CAUTION:_ Do not feed to dairy cows and do not feed within 60 days of UNK #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK UNK _WHAT IT DOES:_ Aids in preventing UNK UNK _HOW TO FEED:_ For prevention of UNK bloat, feed at a rate of 0.5 to 2 milligrams per head per day in mineral or salt or feed. For treatment of bloat, drug is fed at a higher level. #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK _WHAT IT DOES:_ UNK losses from UNK UNK and UNK worms by interfering with reproduction of the female UNK by reducing the number of eggs laid and essentially rendering all laid eggs UNK Also, aids in the control of horn flies by preventing them from hatching in the UNK _HOW TO FEED:_ Treat cattle with 10 grams per 100 pounds body weight with a maximum of 70 grams per animal. Then, for the above UNK feed continuously at these UNK UNK UNK UNK grams of phenothiazine UNK beef UNK UNK to 1.5 grams daily depending on weight of animal. Treat lambs with 12 grams per head for lambs weighing up to 50 pounds; treat lambs over 50 pounds and adults with 24 grams per animal. For continuous control, feed 1 part phenothiazine to 9 parts minerals or salts. To include in feed, add phenothiazine to supply 0.5 to 1 gram per sheep daily. _CAUTION:_ Continuous administration is not recommended for UNK cows. Following UNK treatment, milk should be discarded for 4 days following treatment. #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK UNK _WHAT IT DOES:_ Aids in reducing the incidence and severity of bloat in beef or dairy cattle on UNK UNK _HOW TO FEED:_ Feed 75,000 units or 75 milligrams per head daily. #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK UNK _WHAT IT DOES:_ For the prevention or treatment of acetonemia (ketosis) in dairy cows. _HOW TO FEED:_ For the prevention of acetonemia (ketosis) feed 1/4 pound per day beginning at UNK and continuing for 6 weeks. For the treatment of UNK feed 1/4 to 1/2 pound per day for 10 days. #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK _WHAT IT DOES:_ UNK control shipping UNK and UNK in UNK _HOW TO FEED: UNK feed at UNK level for 2 or 3 days. #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK UNK bacteria _WHAT IT DOES:_ UNK UNK activity. _HOW TO FEED:_ UNK in commercially prepared feed at proper levels. #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK and sodium UNK _WHAT IT DOES:_ UNK and treats acetonemia (ketosis) in dairy cows. _HOW TO FEED:_ For prevention of UNK feed 1/4 pound per head daily for 6 weeks commencing at UNK time. For treatment of UNK feed 1/2 pound daily until symptoms disappear. Then, feed preventive dose until 6 weeks after UNK #DRUG'S CHEMICAL NAME:# UNK hydrochloride _WHAT IT DOES:_ A UNK fed to cattle UNK than UNK dairy UNK prior to their being subjected to stress conditions such as UNK shipping, UNK UNK and excessive handling. _HOW TO FEED:_ Not less than UNK milligram but not more than UNK milligrams of UNK per pound of body weight. _CAUTION:_ UNK should not be fed 72 hours before animals are UNK There are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef UNK (1) UNK bunks- cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self-unloading UNK (2) UNK bunks- they sit within the feed lot, are filled by a mechanical conveyor above feeding UNK (3) Special bunks- as discussed here, they permit cattle to eat from all sides. Feed is put in with an UNK Several materials or combinations of materials can be used to construct a satisfactory feed bunk. The selection of materials depends on skills of available labor for installation, cost of materials available UNK and your own UNK No one material is best for all situations. UNK bunks by economic comparison is usually an individual problem. UNK UNK Animals eat only from one side, so the UNK bunk must be twice as long as the mechanical bunk. These bunks also serve as a UNK so part of the additional cost must be attributed to the fence. Because of their location, on the edge of the feed lot, UNK bunks are not in the way of mechanical manure removal. UNK these bunks by the same self-unloading wagons used to fill UNK spreads cost of the wagons over more time and operations. UNK roads must be provided next to the feeding floor so access will be possible all year. This will be a problem in areas of heavy UNK MARKETING in the new decade will be no UNK for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last UNK UNK Why? UNK of all types have made great advances in production capabilities and UNK in modern equipment and new processes, enlarged ~R+D facilities, faster new product development. Many companies have UNK their sales manpower and tested new UNK distribution, and promotion techniques to gain a bigger competitive edge. Given this kind of business UNK what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 UNK Based on our experience with UNK we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad UNK the market place itself, marketing methods, and marketing management. #1. PROBLEMS IN THE UNK _@ UNK UNK There has been an intensification of UNK in recent years; there is every indication it will UNK UNK UNK or UNK UNK has been fostered by manufacturers, UNK and UNK Despite generally good levels of income, we see greater price pressures than ever before- traveling back along the chain from consumer to distributor to manufacturer. Here are some key areas to examine to make sure your pricing strategy will be on UNK Has the probable price situation in your field been forecast as a basis for future UNK Have cost studies been made of every phase of your operation to determine what might be done if things get UNK Have you actually checked out (not just mentally UNK different selling approaches designed to counter the price competition UNK _@ UNK CUSTOMER UNK UNK consumer is becoming more sophisticated regarding product and advertising claims, partly because of widespread criticism of such UNK This problem can force a change in marketing approach in many kinds of businesses. Have you examined this problem of increasing consumer sophistication from the standpoint of your own company? _@ UNK DEMAND FOR UNK Need for service is here to UNK and the problem is going to be tougher to solve in the sixties. There are two reasons for this. First, most products tend to become more complex. Second, in a competitive market, the customer feels his weight and throws it around. UNK good customer service requires as thorough a marketing and general management planning job as the original selling of the UNK Too often it is thought of at the last moment of new product UNK Good service starts with product design and UNK Many products seem to be designed for a production economy, not for a service one. Proper UNK requires training your own sales organization, and your distributor organizations, not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations. Have you assessed the importance of service and given it proper UNK _@ UNK UNK UNK FOR UNK In spending his money today, the consumer is pulled in many directions. To the manufacturer of the more UNK UNK the purchase of which can be UNK delayed, or put off UNK the implications are important. Your competition is now proportionately UNK you are competing not only against manufacturers in the same field but also against a vast array of manufacturers of other appealing consumer products. Many industry trade associations are developing campaigns to protect or enhance the share of the UNK dollar being spent on their particular products. Has your company thought through its strategy in this whole UNK UNK UNK _@ UNK UNK OF UNK The trends have been in evidence for many years- population shifts to the Southwest and Far West, and from city to suburbs. These shifts will continue in the next 10 UNK Have you considered the implications of continuing geographic shifts in terms of sales force UNK strength of distributor organizations, and even plant UNK _@ UNK UNK AND UNK IN UNK UNK We have already witnessed great changes through mergers and UNK in the food UNK at both the manufacturing and retail ends. Instead of relatively small sales to many accounts, there are now larger sales to or through fewer accounts. The change may require different products, UNK UNK UNK UNK advertising and executive UNK practically every link in the marketing network may have to be UNK Have you examined these UNK forecast the effects, and planned your marketing strategy to compete effectively under changing UNK #2. PROBLEMS IN MARKETING METHODS# _@ MORE UNK UNK UNK In the area of private label competition, it is logical to expect a continuation of trends which have been under way during the first decade. As mass dealer and distributor organizations grow in size, there is every reason to expect them to try to share in the manufacturer's as well as the UNK UNK which is, in effect, what the sale of private brands tends to do. UNK manufacturer frequently has helped build private brand business, delivering largely the same qualities and styles in private brand merchandise as in UNK Moreover, the larger and more aggressive mass distribution outlets and chain stores have insisted on high UNK and the customer seems to have caught on. If you are up against private brand competition, have you formulated a long-term program for UNK and strengthening your market UNK If private brand competition hasn't been felt in your product field as yet, have you thought how you will cope with it if and when it does UNK _@ LESS PERSONAL UNK UNK UNK backed by UNK through advertising and promotion, will continue to make strides in the sixties. It has multiple implications and possible headaches for your marketing program. How can you cash in on this UNK type of outlet and still maintain relationships with older existing outlets which are still UNK If you have a UNK product, how can you make it stand out- justify its premium UNK without the spoken UNK UNK is still necessary, but it's a different brand of UNK Have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your UNK Have you studied the caliber and sales approaches of your sales force in relation to requirements for effective UNK Are you experimenting with different selling UNK in developing new UNK _@ HIGHER COSTS OF UNK UNK Some distribution costs are kept up by competitive pressure, some by the fact that the customers have come to expect certain UNK and UNK UNK manufacturer has taken the initiative in pointing out the costs UNK The use of bulk handling is continuously growing. UNK are being used to keep branch inventories at more workable levels. UNK UNK concentrating sales on the larger UNK has been used effectively by some manufacturers. There may be possible economies at any one of a number of links in your marketing and distribution chain. Do you have a program for UNK all these links regularly and UNK and with some UNK In your sales force, will a smaller number of UNK UNK salesmen serve you best, or can you make out better with a larger number of UNK UNK Will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer UNK in return for some benefit they can UNK In one company covering the country with a UNK sales force of 10 men, the president personally phones each major account every 6 UNK As a result, distribution costs were cut, customer relations improved. UNK costs are almost bound to increase in the UNK and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job. _@ HIGHER COSTS OF UNK AND UNK From the manufacturer's point of view, the increasing cost of advertising and promotion is a very real problem to be faced in the sixties. It is accentuated by the need for UNK goods, and private label competition. How much fundamental thinking and research has your company done on its advertising program? Are you following competition UNK trying to match dollar for UNK or are you experimenting with new means for reaching and UNK UNK Have you evaluated the proper place of advertising and all phases of promotion in your total marketing program- from the standpoint of effort, money, and UNK _@ UNK UNK OF NEW UNK UNK Practically all forecasts mention new and exciting products on the horizon. Will you be out in the market place with some of these UNK new UNK If competition beats you to it, this exciting new product era can have real headaches in store. On the other hand, the process of UNK an old product and introducing the new one is usually mighty UNK As markets become larger and marketing more complex, the costs of an error become progressively larger. Is your ~R+D or product development program UNK in to the commercial realities of the UNK Are there regular communications from the field, or meetings of sales and marketing personnel with ~R+D people? UNK knowledge is a wonderful thing, but it's useless unless it eventually feeds the cash UNK Are there individuals in your organization who can UNK a new product through to UNK who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume, production, and distribution UNK and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some UNK We have seen good new products UNK because no one had the assignment to develop such facts and UNK and management couldn't make up its mind. UNK PROBLEMS IN MARKETING UNK _@ UNK OF UNK UNK There is a shortage of salesmen today. In the future, quantitative demand will be greater because of the expansion of the economy, and the qualitative need will be greater still. While many companies have done fine work in developing sales personnel, much of it has been product rather than sales training. Nor has the training been enough in relation to the need. Most marketing people agree it is going to take UNK efforts to satisfy future requirements. Have you estimated your sales manpower needs for the future (both quantitatively and UNK Has your company developed selection and training processes that are UNK to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 UNK _@ UNK OF SALES UNK UNK With the growing complexity of markets and intensity of competition, sales management, whether at the district, region or headquarters level, is a tough job UNK and it will be tougher in the future. Men qualified for the broader task of marketing manager are even more scarce due to the demanding combination of qualifications called for by this type of management work. The growth of business has UNK the available UNK and the demand will continue to exceed the supply in the sixties. Does your company have a program for selecting and developing sales and marketing management personnel for the longer UNK Does your management climate and your management compensation plan attract and keep UNK marketing people? _@ UNK OF UNK MARKETING UNK Every single problem touched on thus far is related to good marketing planning. UNK tactics are going to be harder to UNK Many food and beverage companies are already on a highly planned basis. They have to be. With greater investments in plant facilities, with automation UNK you can't switch around, either in volume or in product design, as much as was formerly UNK or at least not as UNK Are planning and strategy development emphasized sufficiently in your company? We find too many sales and marketing executives so burdened with detail that they are UNK planning. Are annual marketing plans reviewed throughout your management group to get the perspective of all individuals and get everyone on the marketing UNK Do you have a long-term UNK or UNK marketing program? The key to effective marketing is wrapped up in defining your company's marketing problems UNK UNK frequently suggest themselves when you accurately pinpoint your problems, whether they be in the market, in marketing methods or in marketing management. If companies will take the time to give objective consideration to their major problems and to the questions they UNK then a long constructive step will have been taken toward more effective marketing in next decade. The controversy of the last few years over whether architects or interior designers should plan the interiors of modern buildings has brought clearly into focus one important difference of opinion. The architects do not believe that the education of the interior designer is sufficiently good or sufficiently extended to compare with that of the architect and that, therefore, the interior designer is incapable of understanding the architectural principles involved in planning the interior of a building. Ordinary politeness may have UNK against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round tables, UNK or panel UNK whatever they are UNK on this subject will recognize that the UNK boiled down UNK of the matter is education. It is true that most architectural schools have five year courses, some even have six or more. The element of public danger which enters so largely into architectural UNK however, would demand a prolonged study of structure. This would, naturally, UNK their courses far beyond the largely esthetic demands of interior UNK training. We may then dismiss the time difference between these courses and the usual four year course of the interior design student as not having serious bearing on the subject. The real question that follows is- how are those four years used and what is their value as UNK The American Institute of Interior Designers has published a recommended course for designers and a percentage layout of such a course. An examination of some forty UNK of schools offering courses in interior design, for the most part schools UNK by membership in the National Association of Schools of UNK and a further "on the UNK inspection of a number of schools, show their courses adhere pretty closely to the recommendations. One or two of the schools have a five year curriculum, but the usual pattern of American education has limited most of them to the four-year plan which seems to be the minimum in acceptable institutions. The suggested course of the UNK was based on the usual course offered and on the opinion of many educators as to UNK UNK Obviously, the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated. Without comparing the relative merits of the two UNK architecture versus interior design- let us examine the educational needs of the interior designer. To begin with, what is an interior UNK "The UNK of UNK UNK published by the U& S& Department of Labor describes him as follows: UNK plans and furnishes interiors of houses, commercial and institutional structures, hotels, clubs, ships, theaters, as well as set decorations for motion picture arts and television. Makes drawings and plans of rooms showing placement of furniture, floor UNK wall UNK and determines color UNK UNK complete cost estimates for clients approval. Makes necessary UNK places contracts, UNK construction, installation, finishing and placement of furniture, UNK and other correlated UNK and follows through to completion of UNK In addition to this the U& S& Civil Service UNK when examining applicants for government positions as interior UNK expects that "when various needed objects are not obtainable on the market he will design them. He must be capable of designing for and UNK the manufacture of any craft materials needed in the UNK This seems like a large order. The interior UNK then, must first be an artist but also understand UNK and painting and lighting and plumbing and UNK Yet nobody will question the necessity of all this and any reputable interior designer does know all this and does practice it. And further he must understand his obligation to the client to not only meet his physical necessities but also to enhance and improve his life and to enlarge the cultural horizon of our society. Few will quarrel with the aim of the schools or with the UNK of their curriculum. It is in the quality of the teaching of all this that a question may arise. The old established independent art schools try their best to fulfill their obligations. Yet even here many a problem is UNK as in a recent design competition with a floor plan and the simple UNK UNK a luxury UNK no description of the client or his cultural level, no assertion of geographical area or local social UNK simply "a luxury UNK UNK in a vacuum of minimal information can result only in show pieces that look good in exhibitions and UNK and may please the public relations department but have little to do with the essence of interior design. It is possible, of course, to work on extant or projected buildings where either architect or owner will explain their necessities so that the student may get "the UNK of real interior design demands. Unfortunately, the purely synthetic problem is the rule. It is like medical schools in India where, in that UNK of religious UNK the dissection of dead bodies is UNK upon. Instead they learn their dissection on the UNK of plants. Thus technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of actual experience. In the earlier years of training certain phases of the work must be covered and the synthetic problem has its use. But to continue to divorce advanced students from reality is UNK UNK with UNK UNK real estate men, fabric houses and furniture companies is essential to the proper development of class problems just as in actual work. Fortunately, although only a few years ago they held the student at arms length, today the business houses welcome the opportunity to aid the student, not only from an increased sense of community responsibility but also from the realization that the student of today is the interior designer of UNK that the student already is "in the UNK Even the UNK of UNK can hardly be taught exclusively from photographs and lantern UNK Here, too, the reality of actual furniture must be UNK The professional organizations such as American Institute of Interior UNK National Society of Interior UNK Home UNK League and various trade associations, can and do aid greatly in this work. Certainly every educator involved in interior design should be a member and active in UNK of one of these organizations. Not only should every educator above the rank of instructor be expected to be a member of one of the professional organizations, but his first qualification for membership as an educator should be so sharply UNK that membership would be equivalent to UNK to teach the subject. UNK for the educator in this case, however, would have to be raised to full and complete membership. The largest of these organizations at present denies to the full time educator any vote on the conduct and standards of the group and, indeed, refuses him even the right to attach the customary UNK after his name in the college UNK This UNK status of the educator cannot fail to lower his standing in the eyes of the students. The professor in turn dares not tolerate the influence in his classes of an organization in the policies and standards of which he has no voice. This seems somewhat shortsighted since if the absolute educational qualifications for membership which the organizations profess are ever UNK the educator will have the molding of the entire profession in his hands. In one way the UNK and UNK do a UNK to the schools. That is in the continuance of the UNK UNK in their membership requirements. When these groups were first formed many prominent and accomplished UNK could not have had the advantage of school training since interior design courses were rare and undeveloped during their youth. Long hard years of "on the UNK training had brought them to their competence. The necessity of that day has long disappeared. There is plenty of opportunity for proper education today. It is discouraging for students to realize that the societies do not truly uphold the standards for which they are supposed to stand. The reason and the day of UNK UNK has long since passed. No one can deny that these UNK UNK UNK to membership provisions have been seriously abused nor that they have not resulted in the admission of downright UNK to membership in supposedly learned societies. Beyond any question of curriculum and approach to subject must be the quality of the teachers themselves. It will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education, a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students. The local decorator who UNK in for a few hours of teaching may but more likely may not have these UNK Nor will the UNK the UNK still found in some of the smaller art schools, UNK Only a few years ago a middle western college circulated a request for a teacher of interior design. At the end of its letter was the information that applicants for this position "must also be prepared to teach costume design and advertising art". This kind of UNK toward their students can scarcely build a strong professional attitude in the future designer. We must build a UNK of highly professional teachers of interior design who have had education, experience in the profession and are willing to take on the usual accompaniments of UNK minimal income and minimal status among their UNK UNK specialization in teaching subjects such as architecture, furniture design, textiles and color is also desirable. In all UNK courses in interior design a number of UNK or UNK UNK courses are UNK It is only fair to demand that teachers of courses in English, history, psychology and so on be as well informed in matters of art, especially interior design, as are the art teachers educated in the academic subjects. The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed. The matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art objectives also must be taken into account. One technical question of school organization comes to mind here. For proper accreditation of schools, teachers in any course must have a degree at least one level above that for which the student is a candidate. Since there are almost no schools in the country offering graduate work in interior design this rule cannot at present be observed. Indeed, it has only been a matter of the last few years that reputable schools of art have granted degrees at all. The question, however, cannot be ignored for long. The basic problem involved is that a college setting up a graduate school must have an entirely separate faculty for the advanced degree. Most professors in the course must, naturally, again have a higher degree than the course UNK One solution is the UNK of degrees in education but it is a poor UNK It is a sort of academic UNK rosy and you solve it. This brings us to the question of accreditation of art schools in general. Only the independent art schools, that is, those not connected with any university or college, receive severe and separate investigation before accreditation by the various regional organizations. It has been the custom for most universities to stretch the blanket of accreditation for their liberal arts school to cover the UNK body of their fine arts department. This, plus the habit of many schools of simply adding interior design to the many subjects of their home economics department, yet, nevertheless, claiming that they teach interior design, has contributed to the low UNK of many university courses in interior design. In spite of this, many universities offer adequate and even distinguished courses in the subject. There will be no UNK of these UNK until all art schools, whether independent or attached to universities have separate UNK as do medical schools- by an art accreditation group such as the UNK Association of Schools of UNK Independent art schools granting degrees must, naturally, follow this with academic accreditation by the appropriate regional group. UNK How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program? Have you permitted it to become a UNK program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and, consequently, increased UNK What effort do you make to assess results of your program? Do you measure its relation to reduced UNK UNK UNK and UNK and to improved quality and UNK Have you set specific objectives for your employee UNK Is it reaching these UNK Is it larger or UNK than you really UNK Are you using the most economical printing methods, paper, etc&. Are there other, cheaper communications techniques that could be UNK Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free UNK work in your UNK Is your purchasing agent offering too much UNK service for employees? When improvements are recommended in working UNK such as lighting, rest rooms, eating facilities, UNK do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on UNK When negotiating with your union, do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their UNK cost in wages. Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by UNK money, such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors UNK UNK Do your employees understand all the benefits to which your insurance entitles them? Are they encouraged to take full legal advantage of these UNK Have you publicized the UNK value of the company's share of insurance UNK When did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other UNK Can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs? Do you try to maintain the principle of UNK (as opposed to fully UNK UNK UNK TIME UNK UNK Do you protect your holiday privileges with an attendance requirement both before and after the UNK Do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and/or industrial UNK Have you investigated the possibility of moving UNK holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work UNK Are you carefully UNK UNK time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is UNK Are you watching work schedules for UNK operators, guards, and other UNK UNK operations in order to minimize UNK Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is UNK UNK UNK FACILITIES# Have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees? What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or UNK UNK for the UNK and UNK UNK Have you checked the cost of UNK your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs? Are there possibilities of having cafeteria help work part-time on UNK or other UNK Can staggered lunch periods relieve the capacity strain on your feeding UNK Would it be feasible to limit the menu in order to reduce feeding costs? Have you considered gradual withdrawal of UNK to your UNK feeding UNK Are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or UNK UNK FACILITIES# Are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program? Have you UNK your program recently to UNK out those phases that draw least UNK Do employees contribute their share of money to recreational UNK Have you considered UNK operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your UNK financial UNK Could an UNK garden club take over partial care of plant UNK Would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant UNK Are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees? Are you UNK expensive team UNK Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program? UNK AND UNK Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking UNK If you use parking UNK can they be replaced by automatic parking UNK Will your local bus company erect and/or maintain the bus stops at your UNK If you provide UNK transportation, can this be replaced by available public UNK If you use company transportation to meet trains or to haul visitors, would UNK be UNK How efficient and necessary are your UNK UNK Can they be UNK Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive UNK UNK UNK Which is more economical for your UNK a vacation shutdown or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation UNK Can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee UNK Do you insist that UNK salary employees take their vacations during plant UNK What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail UNK shipments, and receipts during vacation shutdown UNK UNK Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant UNK What sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully UNK Would early retirement of UNK disabled employees reduce the number of UNK UNK Will your union accept UNK concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees? UNK AND UNK Can you share medical facilities and staff with neighboring UNK If you have a full-time doctor now, can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a UNK basis UNK Can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained UNK man who works full-time on some other UNK Do you rigidly distinguish between job- and UNK health problems and avoid treating the UNK Are you UNK offering unnecessary medical services- flu shots, sun lamp treatments, UNK If you have an annual or regular physical examination program, is it worth what it is costing you? #A PROGRAM TO UNK YOUR NEEDS# Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or UNK your employee benefit program. Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant. But even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product, there are other facts to UNK How old is your working UNK What's your profit UNK In what section of the country are you UNK Are you in a rural or urban UNK These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program. Above all, don't set up extravagant fringe benefits just to buy employee good will. UNK stress fringe UNK but the individual UNK worker prefers cash every time. UNK to balance your employee benefit package. Some plants go overboard on one type of UNK say a liberal retirement UNK and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere. They're asking for union trouble. UNK If you want credit for your employee services program, let your workers know what they're entitled to. UNK them to exercise their benefits. This can be done by stories in your house UNK UNK special publications, letters to workers' homes as well as by word of mouth through your chain of command. Some companies find a little imagination helpful. UNK UNK Inc&, Kansas City, UNK has a do-it-yourself UNK game called UNK UNK which it UNK to employees. ~M + ~R UNK Laboratories, Inc&, Columbus, gives all its workers a UNK UNK each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular UNK U& S& UNK Company, New York, passes out a form UNK the value of benefits. The UNK worker thus knows his insurance UNK for example, costs UNK UNK Have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package UNK You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically UNK thereby UNK you to desirable UNK Check to see if some of your UNK such as on-the-job disability UNK can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you. Use UNK insurance wherever feasible. It can put an end to marginal claims which play UNK with your insurance rates. Also, UNK of UNK policies, especially in the medical field. This will mean that every time there's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner. Put a UNK limit on benefits. Don't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death. Generally, your employee will greatly appreciate benefits that protect him during his working life or during retirement. UNK TIME UNK In granting UNK leaves, specify the maximum time off and list what the worker's relation to the deceased must be to qualify. Thus, you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth UNK funeral. Also, reserve the right to demand proof of death despite the fact that you'll probably never use it. Coffee breaks can be a real UNK if not UNK UNK machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time. If coffee is sold at the cafeteria, let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group. Consider installing UNK serving lines in production areas. Make sure milk for the coffee is placed in UNK rather than in UNK if you are supplying the UNK Otherwise, you may be UNK with a UNK milk bill by milk UNK UNK POLICIES# Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled UNK such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company. And so UNK on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age. Make sure you have minimum age and UNK requirements tied into your pension plan. UNK men usually don't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor UNK and they're liable to change jobs several times before settling down. UNK carefully between UNK or UNK pension plans. There are two sides of a coin for this decision. Workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to. And they can at least collect the money they put in, plus interest, when they leave the company. A UNK plan usually won't pay off for the worker until he UNK Thus, there is an added incentive to stay on the job. UNK Make sure you don't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be UNK These include: leaves of UNK UNK and UNK Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum UNK to the operation of the plant. It's usually not too hard to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods. For example, the Friday after Thanksgiving can be substituted for Washington's UNK This reduces the number of expensive plant UNK and UNK UNK each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay. This cuts the UNK rate. UNK FACILITIES# Consider using vending machines rather than subsidized UNK UNK models serve hot meals at reasonable prices, and at a profit to you. If a UNK runs the cafeteria, keep an eye out for quality and price. If the soup tastes like UNK your employees won't blame the UNK You'll take the UNK Check your cafeteria location to make sure it's convenient for most employees. You may save valuable production minutes with a change. UNK Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks. This will cut the expense of vacation UNK And with the shutdown method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates. Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation. You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year. THE UNK and UNK column of sportsmen is now moving into a new era. Modern times have changed the world beyond recognition. The early years of the twentieth century seem very far away. But with all the changes in philosophy, dress and UNK a few things remain constant, including the devotion of Americans to the great field UNK hunting and fishing. As the generations move on, clothes become more suitable for the enjoyment of outdoor sports. UNK firearms change, markedly for the better. Just as modern transportation has UNK the early UNK covered wagon, the demand of today's sportsmen and women has necessitated changes in their equipment. The American firearms and ammunition manufacturers through UNK research and technical development have replaced the muzzle UNK and UNK single-shot arms with modern fast firing UNK extremely accurate UNK UNK and slide action UNK And millions of rounds of entirely new and modern UNK UNK designed for today's hunting and target shooting. And due to modern UNK and game management practices, there is still game to UNK even with the ever-expanding encroachment on land and water. Present conservation practices regard UNK not as an UNK natural UNK but as an annual harvest to be UNK and also UNK UNK game bags are possible and legal in more than 40 states, on shooting preserves (one of the newer phases of modern UNK for five and six months each year. Close to two million game birds were UNK on 1,500 commercial and private shooting UNK and on State UNK UNK UNK game areas during the UNK season. The shooting development program of the UNK UNK and UNK UNK Institute has successfully published these facts in all major outdoor magazines, many national weeklies and the trade papers. The most effective way to develop more places for more sportsmen to shoot is to encourage properly managed shooting preserves. This has been the aim of the director of the shooting development program, the New York staff of the UNK Service UNK and the UNK shooting preserve field consultants since the start of the program in 1954. Following the UNK of ~SAAMI's shooting development program in 1954, a most interesting meeting took place in Washington, D& C&. The group known as the American Association for Health, Physical Education, and Recreation (a division of the National Education UNK initiated a conference which brought together representatives of the National UNK Association, UNK and the American Fishing UNK UNK This meeting was called to determine how these groups might cooperate to launch what is known as the Outdoor Education UNK The Outdoor Education UNK took UNK of the fact, so often UNK that athletic activities stressed in most school programs have little or no relationship to the physical and mental needs and interests of later life. The various team sports assuredly have their place in every school, and they are important to proper physical development. But with the exception of professional athletes, few contact sports and physical education activities in our schools have any carryover in the adult life of the average American man or woman. Following a vigorous campaign of interpretation and leadership development by UNK director Dr& Julian Smith, today thousands of secondary schools, colleges and universities have shooting and hunting education in their physical education and recreation programs. ~SAAMI's financial support since 1955 has contributed to the success of this project in education. UNK assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops, at which hundreds of school UNK teachers, professors, and recreational leaders have been introduced to Outdoor Education. Considering that the current UNK potential is 23 million youths, the project and its message on hunting and shooting education have many more to reach. In 1959 ~SAAMI's shooting development program announced a new activity designed to expose thousands of teen-age boys and girls to the healthy fun enjoyed through the participation in the shooting sports. This program is now nationally known as UNK Hunter UNK Teen Hunter UNK were initially sponsored by affiliated members of the Allied UNK Corporation. The first program was sponsored by Abraham + UNK UNK New York, under the direction of Special UNK director Jennings UNK Other pilot programs were conducted by ~A + UNK UNK New UNK J& L& Hudson, UNK Joseph UNK UNK Other UNK activities followed, conducted by shopping centers, department stores, recreation equipment dealers, radio-~TV stations, newspapers, and other organizations interested in the need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and UNK related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources. ~SAAMI's field men have served as consultants and/or have participated in 75 Teen Hunter Club activities which have reached over 40,000 enthusiastic young Americans. Through the efforts of ~SAAMI's shooting development program these shooting activities, and many others, including UNK in the development of public and privately financed shooting parks, trap and UNK UNK rifle and pistol marksmanship programs have been UNK to mention only a few. The continuation and expansion of the shooting development program will assure to some degree that national and community leaders will be made aware of the UNK need for shooting facilities and activities for hunting and shooting in answer to public demand. While individual sportsmen are aware of this situation, too many of our political, social, educational and even religious leaders too often forget it. UNK is needed from dealers, at the UNK level. The American gun and ammunition producers sponsor a successful promotional program through their industry trade association. Since ~SAAMI's conception in UNK and more specifically since the adoption of the UNK Development Program in 1954, millions of dollars and promotional UNK have gone into the development of more places to shoot for more youths and adults. We trust that you, as a gun and ammunition dealer, have UNK through additional sales of equipment. Are you getting top dollar from the shooting UNK Are you looking ahead to the exploding market of millions of American boys and girls, who will grow up to enjoy a traditional American way of life- ranging the fields with a fine American gun and uniformly excellent UNK UNK your sporting firearms and ammunition department UNK for the expanding UNK Would you like to organize Teen UNK UNK shooting programs, and have information on seasons including six months of hunting with unlimited game bags on shooting UNK Ask UNK UNK WE UNK UNK a few weeks ago on Cape UNK UNK in that land of pirates, UNK and UNK on North UNK famed Outer Banks. This beach UNK with no trees or hills presents a constant camping show with all manner of equipment in actual use. With the whole camp exposed to view we could see the variety of canvas shelters in which Americans are camping now. There were UNK tents, wall tents, cottage tents, station wagon tents, UNK tents, UNK tents, Baker tents, tents with exterior frames, UNK trailers, travel trailers, and even a few surplus UNK serving as UNK over entire family camps. Moving around camp we saw all kinds of camp UNK UNK UNK UNK games, fishing UNK UNK and UNK We saw similar displays in the other three UNK in this 70 UNK National UNK Recreation UNK UNK would do well to visit such a UNK often, look at the equipment and talk with the UNK Here you begin to appreciate the scope of the challenges and possibilities facing the industry. UNK is big and getting UNK No one knows where it will stop. Almost every official who reflects on it thinks this movement of Americans to canvas dwellings opens one of the most promising of all outdoor markets. You read various UNK on how many Americans are camping. The number depends on who is talking at the moment. The figures range as high as 15 million families. I've heard 10 million mentioned often, but I'm more inclined to think there may be a total of some five to seven million families camping. Seven million families would total 30 million Americans or more. Consider the equipment needed to protect this many from the weather, to make their cooking easy and their sleeping comfortable. #MORE UNK UNK UNK UNK state park officials often have more campers than they know what to do with. They are struggling to meet the demand for camping space, but families are being turned away, especially on holiday UNK The National UNK always popular camping places, are facing the same pressure. The National Park Service hopes by UNK to have 30,000 UNK available for 100,000 campers a UNK almost twice what there are at present. The U& S& Forest Service cares for hundreds of thousands of campers in its UNK National Forests and is increasing its facilities UNK But the campers still come. They bring their families and tents and camp UNK and UNK They bring their fishing UNK and UNK and bathing UNK They come prepared for family fun because Americans in UNK numbers are learning that here is the way to a fine economical vacation that becomes a family experience of lasting importance. #WHY UNK UNK UNK There are a half dozen reasons helping to account for the migration to the UNK Among them, according to the U& S& Department of Commerce, are: (1) shorter work weeks, (2) higher pay, (3) longer paid UNK (4) better transportation, (5) earlier UNK and (6) more education. The more people learn about their country, the more they want to UNK UNK is family fun, and it is helping more Americans see more of the country than they ever saw before. But make no mistake about it, the first reason people turn to camping is one of economy. Here is the promise of a vacation trip they can afford. The American Automobile Association, computing the cost for two people to vacation by UNK comes up with an average daily expenditure figure of UNK The UNK then UNK it down this way: UNK for meals, UNK for UNK $7 for gas and oil, and $2 for tips and UNK What does the camping couple do to this set of UNK The UNK for lodging they UNK Because they prepare their own meals they also keep in their pockets a good portion of that UNK food bill along with most of the tip money. The automobile expenses are about the only vacationing cost they can't either eliminate or UNK down drastically by camping along the way. Where Americans used to think of a single vacation each summer, they now think about how many vacations they can have. Long weekends enable many to get away from home for three or four days several times a year. And even if they stay in UNK part of the time, they might, if the right salesman gets them in UNK develop a yearning to spice the usual vacation fare with a camping trip into the wide open UNK It would be a mistake to sell those thousands of beginning campers on the idea they're buying the comforts of home. They're not. Home is the place to find the comforts of home. They're buying fun and adventure and family experiences. But it would also be a mistake for them not to realize how comfortable camping has become. This is no longer a way of life for the bearded UNK and the wandering UNK Today's campers want UNK and they have them. And this helps explain why so many people are now going camping. It's fun, and it's UNK so easy that there is time left after cooking, and tent UNK for the women to get out and enjoy outdoor fun with their families. Camp meals are no great problem. Neither are UNK thanks to air UNK and sleeping UNK Neither are shelters, because there is one to meet the needs of every UNK or prospective UNK But there is still the sometimes complex problem of helping campers choose the best equipment for their individual needs. @ Throughout history, the man who showed superior performance has become the commander of others- for good or bad. Since the Industrial Revolution, when factories emerged, this classical pattern has been followed. UNK UNK There have always been tales of UNK the competent technician who became an administrator, willingly or not, and found he didn't like it; the scientist who rebelled against the personnel and paper work; and much more commonly in recent years, the engineer who found that other duties interfered UNK or UNK his engineering UNK UNK have been many extremely competent men who have been converted into very UNK managers or submerged in paper work, to their own and the public's dissatisfaction and UNK This has been more evident since our products have incorporated UNK increased technology. The UNK have been many and UNK attempts to teach management UNK either in plant, at special schools, or in university UNK UNK provision of UNK assistants or UNK UNK the realization has been growing that these are not the complete UNK Some men have no talent for or interest in UNK forcing them into management can only create trouble. The old shop UNK still UNK "A good mechanic is usually a bad UNK Yet our economy clings inexorably to recognition of managerial status as the gage of success. Labor fights to change its collar from blue to white. All grades of management seek more UNK titles and UNK because of social UNK As several recent books have UNK UNK have become the most UNK nation in the UNK UNK can be done for the UNK UNK who is extremely important- and likely to be more so- in the operation of the technically oriented company? He is usually conscious of the social pressures at home and UNK usually concerned about America's belief that attainment and success are measured in dollars and UNK Yet titles are traditionally given only to management men, and income tends to rise with title. Even the college professor in America has been affected. It is, as one engineer says, UNK a difficult thing for the engineer to accept that he can go as far on his technical merit as he could employing managerial skills. This difficulty arises even though we can give examples of men who have actually followed this course. This leads one to UNK as you have, that there is inevitably more prestige in a management position in the minds of our people". Nobody should be more able to answer the questions on this score than engineering UNK and chief engineers. So we asked such men in major companies in the design field to offer their opinions on the UNK problem- and more UNK their solutions. In the paragraphs that follow, we quote from 32 men who are identified on the final page. UNK WHAT UNK WHAT UNK Among the more familiar plans for UNK advancement is that of General UNK UNK is not a mutually exclusive UNK there is no one point in a man's career at which he must select either the technical or the managerial path upward. Further, the management path does not open the door to higher opportunities than are offered by the more technical UNK It is common to shift back and forth, working up through a number of UNK and UNK UNK Actually, there are a number of UNK positions in both operating departments and in the UNK UNK operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities. Also, moving into a managerial position does not necessarily end a man's recognition as a technical expert. As examples at UNK Glen B& Warren, formerly manager of the UNK Division, widely recognized as a turbine designer. The late W& R& G& Baker, a pioneer in television design and long-time UNK + UNK of the Electronics Division, and later, by his own choice, an individual consultant. Harold E& UNK expert in UNK design, for a long period UNK + UNK of the Measurements + Industrial Products Division, and who UNK approaching UNK is vice-president and consulting engineer in the UNK + Control Division. In the UNK plan, a number of individual contributors have positions and compensation higher than those of many UNK These positions carry such titles as: UNK UNK Development Consulting Engineer Consulting UNK Heat UNK Consulting Electrical Engineer UNK Electrical Engineer UNK UNK Westinghouse has a similar system, with two classifications representing various levels of competence on the strictly technical UNK consulting engineer or scientist, as the case may be, and advisory engineer or UNK Many companies have systems, particularly in ~R + UNK which work more or less well, depending upon size and actual belief in the policy on the part of administration, as will be UNK apparent in subsequent UNK Another factor that may hold hope is for parallel recognition is, as one man says it: "**h that the UNK for educating top people along managerial lines is yielding to the technically trained UNK UNK UNK UNK One company UNK early in 1959, a vertical classification system consisting of four levels. There is no formal equivalence to the UNK UNK the top non-supervisory level, senior staff engineer, enjoys status and pay ranging up to that for the second level of engineering supervision. The second level, senior engineer, rates slightly below UNK supervision. The expectation is that UNK supervisors will be selected in approximately equal numbers from the second and third engineering level, with very few coming from the first level. The company expects to extend upward both compensation and status for non-supervisory engineers, but probably not into executive levels. UNK this organization, about half of the engineers with 15 or more years of employment are in UNK engineering or UNK This reflects the very heavy engineering content of the UNK which are not UNK Several other examples: UNK AND UNK "We have over 20 UNK each of which has an engineering department headed by a chief UNK We have set up a central ~R + ~D department, as well as UNK UNK about 80 people working on problems related to those of our plants. A separate research department is, of course, confined to new or future designs. Part of this headquarters staff, however, are engineering managers who work between UNK chief engineers and headquarters management. These headquarters engineers, headed by the UNK Engineering, counsel and advise UNK managers and chief engineers on product problems as well as aid with UNK and many are engineers who have been advanced from the divisions. These men are considered managers of engineers. They must learn to wear several UNK so to speak, working with management, sales and engineering problems related to the product. "We do not have people in our organization termed UNK or UNK who are specialists in one particular technical subject. I suppose it is because we are just not big enough. We have a few UNK retired engineers retained and called in on certain problems. The only UNK in our company are those who have been honored by UNK UNK or UNK **h I am sure that the engineer who enters management is nearly always opening the door to greater possibilities than he would have as a technical UNK because of his wider UNK UNK UNK "We have tried to make both paths attractive, so that good men could find opportunity and satisfaction in either. One way to UNK this is in the job structure. We have these UNK which compare UNK **f UNK these jobs we have chief engineer for the company and vice-president of UNK ~R + ~D. The latter jobs include major management responsibilities and have been filled by those who have come up primarily through the UNK side **h UNK have not yet succeeded in establishing recognition of technical specialization comparable to our higher levels of management, but I believe we will trend in this UNK **h but not to exceed UNK UNK UNK RESEARCH UNK UNK four years ago, we initiated a dual ladder of advancement for technical persons **h The highest position is known as a UNK UNK This approach has not been entirely satisfactory. The primary deterrent appears to lie with the technical people themselves, and their concept of what constitutes status in present-day society. UNK who UNK hardest for technical recognition are often the most reluctant to accept it **h We have discovered that the outward UNK such as private offices and private UNK are extremely UNK and although we have attempted to provide these status symbols, support of the UNK plan has been half-hearted **h despite the creation of a salary potential for a research scientist commensurate with that of men in top managerial positions. UNK serious problem accompanying the UNK approach is the difficulty of clearly defining responsibilities and standards of performance for each UNK With no set standards, there is the tendency to promote to the next highest level when the top of a salary band is reached regardless of performance **h UNK is too often based on UNK and time in salary grade instead of UNK If no specific organization plan exists limiting the number of scientists at each salary level, the result is a department UNK with UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK @ UNK UNK "We have two approaches for the technical UNK the position of staff engineer, which is rated as high in salary as department UNK and an administrative organization to take the routine load away from department managers and project engineers as much as possible, thus allowing them more time for strictly technical work. These are only halfway measures, and the answer will come when some way is found to allow the technical man in industry **h to progress without limit in salary and UNK _A UNK UNK "We have made limited application of the UNK UNK plan. The highest rated non-supervisory engineering title is UNK UNK The salary schedule permits UNK greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering supervision UNK section UNK We also have an UNK section UNK research UNK classification which has salary possibilities equivalent to that of a research UNK Above this point there is no generally used parallel UNK "We also do a number of things to build up the prestige of the engineer as a UNK and also to give public recognition to individual technical competence. UNK include encouragement of, and assistance to, the engineer in preparation and publication of technical papers. We have two media for UNK individual technical activity, a magazine widely distributed both within and without the company, and an information bulletin for engineering personnel distributed to the homes of all UNK UNK is given to the award of patents to our UNK and financial support is provided for individual membership in technical societies. "A UNK and more pertinent action, has been the establishment of a technical staff reporting to the vice-president for UNK This function is staffed by engineers chosen for their technical competence and who have the title, member of the technical UNK UNK compare favorably with those paid to the first two or three levels of management. Additional symbols of status are granted, such as reserved UNK distinctive UNK passes authorizing special privileges, and a difference in the treatment of financial progress through merit. "We presently are involved in UNK a new development center. Operations of this nature offer the best opportunity to recognize scientific status. All scientific staff members will have the title, UNK UNK The salary level of an individual within the group will reflect the scientific community's acceptance of him as an authority in his scientific field. Contrary to usual UNK UNK the position to which UNK members report UNK will not necessarily encompass the duties of the UNK member, therefore, are not necessarily evaluated as UNK "These recent steps do not offer the possibility of extension to the great number of senior engineers who have displayed technical competence. It is doubtful that the complete solution to the over-all problem can result entirely from company efforts. Fundamental to the difficulty of creating the desired prestige is the fact that, in the business community, prestige and status are conferred in proportion to the authority that one man has over others and the extent of which he participates in the management UNK UNK UNK UNK of New York City where the wooded hills of UNK County meet the broad sweep of the Hudson River there is a new home development called UNK UNK As a matter of fact you could probably find a new home development in every populated county in the country with UNK ranch style UNK in the UNK range. But Oakwood UNK is unique in one particular **h its oil for heating is metered monthly to each home from a line that starts at a central storage point. This is a pilot operation sponsored by a new entity chartered in Delaware as the Tri-State UNK Corporation, with principal offices in New York State. Its president is Otis M& UNK partner in the law firm of UNK + UNK UNK UNK UNK New York City. UNK is Louis UNK and the UNK is Mark UNK Ritter is the builder of Oakwood UNK and president of UNK UNK Inc&, UNK N&Y&. The idea of a central tank with lines to each house is not in itself a UNK Not a year goes by but what several local companies in the U& S& and Canada, even UNK write to UNK + UNK UNK to inquire if it's feasible and where it is being done. Its editors only knew of one example to point to, a public housing development of UNK homes in New Haven described by John UNK in the March, 1950 issue. This has survived the years but there has been considerable concern among the UNK over the fact that the oil was not UNK Rather the monthly total consumption was divided and charged on the basis of number of rooms and persons in the family. Common complaints included UNK UNK leaving her windows open all the time, a fresh air fan, or the family was visiting UNK UNK with the house shut up but they still paid the same rate for oil. As a result of that attitude, others have been discouraged from trying central distribution. A new low capacity meter is the key that UNK the situation at Oakwood Heights. Called a UNK meter it was designed for this job by Power UNK Industries of Los Angeles, a key individual being Don UNK Tri-State has acquired its exclusive distribution for the UNK principal heating states. There's an advantage in having a firm like Tri-State headed by a lawyer. The earlier New Haven development was public housing, so it easily leaped over the problems met in a private venture. These have to do with property rights, municipal official attitudes and a host of others. In working out the practical legal conclusions President Waters was not thinking only of this pilot project, for it is planned to duplicate this program or system in other builder developments UNK It is always difficult, or at least UNK to get approval of any kind of line under a public street, as one example. To overcome this, the builder lays and completes the street himself, then deeds it to the community while retaining a perpetual UNK for the oil lines. When a family buys a home the title is subject to a perpetual UNK to UNK For the central storage, Tri-State buys one UNK UNK its tanks and simply holds permanent title to that piece. In other words, the whole storage and pipeline system does not belong to the UNK nor to the town but rather to UNK How does Tri-State get its revenue from this plan? It UNK the whole facility to a large oil company, at least large enough to have a strong credit position. This first test is being UNK for ten years but future projects will require at least 15 years. The amount paid by the oil company to Tri-State for the use of its oil distribution system and the privilege of supplying all the homes, is subject to UNK but naturally must be profitable to both parties. On this first venture the central storage is 20,000 UNK in two tanks, or an average of 400 gallons for each of the 50 homes. The supplier delivers at his convenience in transport UNK so as to maintain UNK weeks reserve supply against weather UNK However, that is not all he has to do. He must undertake complete servicing of the UNK equipment to assure fine heating. In the present project the heating is by circulating hot water form UNK UNK units with UNK domestic hot water UNK Again, the oil man must read the meters at such intervals as he finds best. For this first development the supplier signing the lease is a major oil company but in turn the deal is being transferred for operation to its local UNK UNK The major gets the assured UNK for the life of the lease and the distributor apparently can do well because delivery cost is low. UNK UNK The officers of the new corporation have naturally explored many UNK as well as personalities that might be affected. For example, the officials of UNK town UNK where the project is located think highly of it because it UNK their snow clearing problem. The central storage is near a main artery quite easy to reach with large transports on a short UNK swing, with fewer trucks in the residential streets. The Public Service Commission has ruled that this is not a public UNK subject to their many regulations. Several financial institutions, both banks and insurance companies, have been sounded out. They like it and would supply most of the capital because of the long term UNK by strong oil companies. The Government housing agencies consider it feasible with one special UNK There must be a restriction in the deed to provide that the customer may not be charged more than the current market price for the oil **h an obvious UNK since the account is permanently UNK just like with gas or electricity. For a few details of the system **h the lines are UNK UNK a product of Republic Steel Corp&, and all lines are UNK They are laid a minimum of UNK deep and in some areas four feet down, particularly under roads, to stay clear of all other piping such as water and sewers and to minimize shocks from heavy UNK The meter is mounted high on the basement wall. Its figures are a half inch high and very easy to read, even into tenth UNK It will accommodate firing rates as low as a half gallon an hour. UNK the builder, is convinced that the total cost of all the heating systems plus the oil distribution system is no greater than would be gas heating systems in the houses plus their lines and UNK He believes that this is a sound approach to gas competition in builder developments where gas is available. It would be pretty difficult to install a Tri-State system in old UNK and that's an UNK The job of getting property UNK and street UNK and the acre for the tanks would become pretty UNK But in a new development where everything starts from scratch the solutions are simple. UNK UNK What does Tri-State actually want to do, now that it has the meters under franchise and certain phases of its piping system in the UNK applied UNK UNK It wants to interest builders and oil companies in the idea of including its facility in their new home projects, by financing and installing the storage, piping and meters, and UNK these for 15 years, with renewal UNK to a strong oil company. It may also work in one other way- by licensing its system patents and supplying the meters, letting the oil company or even the builder install the facilities. This whole development is certain to be of interest to the readers, for the idea has so often been mentioned, somewhat UNK But it's too early yet to go visit Oakwood Heights. Only eight of the 50 houses were completed at the time of the UNK visit on June UNK others were building. The big tanks were at the site but still UNK themselves. A big mechanical UNK was running the UNK and the town building UNK was paying a friendly, if curious, visit. The UNK industry is looking up, led by a revival of research and development. A primary ingredient in these fields is imagination, and Tri-State UNK Corporation deserves a very good mark. EVERY UNK about this time National UNK Your UNK System week rolls around. It pays in the long UNK run to take good care of the water works. Do it this way for the summer UNK @ First, drain that old UNK down the storm UNK Don't save the UNK even if it the expensive UNK type. The word means it won't boil away easily, nothing else. The rust UNK in the fluid are used up after one year, and you don't want to risk the rust that two years' use could mean. UNK it out. @ If a lot of rust shows in the UNK use a good UNK UNK @ Then fill the system and add a rust UNK Of course, you'll want to use the UNK water you can in your UNK @ Now, check for UNK in your UNK and hose UNK around the UNK UNK UNK water pump seals and heater UNK @ Next, run the engine and let it heat up so the thermostat UNK and then look for UNK again. Be sure the bugs and dirt are blown out of the radiator UNK Use the air hose for this job. Check the temperature gage and be sure it is UNK If you use one of the new UNK cooling system fluids such as UNK be sure to check it. Dow says that the fluid can be used now for two years. Check its UNK effectiveness before leaving it in during the summer. Take precautions now, to be sure you avoid those unpleasant and costly heat UNK when the temperature UNK this summer. UNK let your UNK pull the UNK out of those UNK delivery trucks or installation UNK of yours. Spring and summer may be here UNK but those UNK stay in. The fact is that removing and leaving out a thermostat from any water cooled vehicle, will greatly increase the fuel UNK reduce power and contribute to spark plug fouling due to an accumulation of excessive carbon deposits on the UNK If you run into excess plug fouling on one UNK check to be sure that the UNK has a UNK The thermostat is important to get your engine up to operating temperature quickly, and to keep it running at its most efficient temperature through the proper circulation of the UNK UNK you paying too UNK for your truck UNK There's a good chance you are doubling on some UNK not taking discounts coming to you and not cutting some corners that can be cut. Have a talk with your insurance agent. Be careful that you keep adequate UNK but look for places to save money. First go over the type of coverage you now have. Look for these features which may mean you can UNK @ UNK coverage. UNK doubling up on the same item. For example, don't pay in a truck policy for medical coverage that you may be paying for in a health and accident policy. @ Does your policy have a UNK UNK This means that if your insured vehicle is laid up for more than 30 days, insurance can be suspended and a proportionate return of your premium made to you. This applies to repair work or winter storage. The figure five is important in insurance. With many company policies you get a fleet discount if you insure five or more UNK This means either cars or UNK UNK run up to 2% of cost. Usually premium reductions can be obtained by applying UNK to your liability plan. For example: If your bodily injury claims start payment after the first UNK a 25% premium saving is often made. UNK the period since the end of World War /2,- a period UNK with merchandising demands for the colorful, the UNK and the original in signs and UNK plastics have come on so strong that today they are the acknowledged leaders in the field. The importance of the sign industry to the plastics industry, however, is not in terms of volume alone. Designers of signs and displays have shown a refreshing approach to the adaptation of plastics that has influenced the workings of other industries. Many of today's developments in UNK stem from original work done with signs and UNK the art of UNK in distortion was similarly perfected by the sign UNK and the UNK UNK techniques now used for UNK UNK etc&, owes much to the field, as does the technology of designing with the UNK properties of the transparent plastics. There is much that many industries can continue to learn from some of the more recent developments described below. The concept of UNK (as shown by the photo on p& UNK as just one example, offers an entirely new approach to lighting problems- no matter what industry is involved. #A UNK UNK According to a recent UNK Street Journal> UNK plastics units now account for more than 50% of all sign sales. Five years ago, they had only 10% of the market, with the remainder firmly entrenched in the UNK of neon UNK And it's far from the end for plastics. Industry sources are now UNK that 75% of the signs made during the 1960's will be of plastic construction. Evidence of this trend can best be seen in the recent activities of such leading companies in the field as Advance UNK Sign Co&, Los Angeles, Calif&. Four years ago, the company's entire line was devoted to neon UNK today, UNK is in plastics. From the volume standpoint, the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive. UNK sales during 1960 reached approximately $500 million. UNK there are some UNK companies in the field, ranging from small firms with a handful of employees to major concerns having complete facilities for production of UNK UNK and plastic components. #WHY THE UNK TO UNK What accounts for the rapid growth of plastics in the sign and display UNK Out of many factors which might be cited, five are most UNK _1._ Plastics combine such properties as built-in color, light weight, UNK UNK or UNK resistance to UNK as well as the ease of UNK _2._ UNK signs are UNK According to one major UNK materials for a typical plastic sign are approximately 25% less costly than for a comparable neon unit. UNK cost is also UNK a UNK UNK plastic sign weighs about 120 UNK compared to UNK lb& for UNK The weight UNK plus greater UNK of the plastic unit, yields a saving of about one-fifth in UNK The lighter weight also means less costly supports and UNK are needed. Finally, maintenance costs on plastic signs are much lower than on fragile neon UNK _3._ They offer exceptional design freedom, making it possible to UNK contours and details which give free range to the talents of the designer. UNK and UNK sheet plastics fill the gap between cardboard and molded plastics. UNK low-cost UNK and the freedom to form large and small, thick and thin materials make plastics UNK for the industry. _4._ Plastics signs work around the UNK Internal UNK protected from the elements, gives them powerful visual appeal at UNK during daylight hours their brilliant colors command attention and interest. _5._ UNK in equipment and fabrication techniques give the sign or display manufacturer an extremely wide choice of production techniques, ranging from injection molding for UNK UNK UNK signs UNK 5000 units is the UNK to vacuum and pressure forming for larger signs of limited runs. Among the newest fabrication methods to enter the display field are expandable styrene molding and blow molding. _WHAT UNK TO UNK For outdoor signs and displays, UNK with its outstanding optical UNK weather resistance and UNK strongly dominates the picture. At present, both the familiar cast acrylic and the newer extruded sheets are being used by sign manufacturers, with extruded now representing an estimated 10% of the UNK (See panel, p& UNK for a UNK Of interest is a recent announcement by Du Pont's UNK Dept& of a new UNK UNK UNK designated as UNK ~H UNK which was developed specifically for production of cast acrylic sheets for the sign and lighting industry. UNK cast from this material reportedly weighs only one-third as much as glass, is UNK to all kinds of weather, and will not UNK Its high impact strength, even at low temperatures, UNK UNK UNK and UNK according to Du UNK UNK acetate butyrate is used extensively for UNK UNK background panels, and molded or formed letters because of its exceptional toughness, ease of UNK and excellent UNK properties. Its clarity and good optical properties are other important factors. New to the field is a UNK type butyrate laminate in which the two sheets of the laminate are of different color. UNK the laminate and then UNK away the top layer is a quick and economical way to produce a UNK sign. (see UNK Mar& 1961, p& UNK For specialized types of displays, such as large three-dimensional units UNK a product, UNK human or animal figures, etc&, reinforced plastics and UNK molded vinyl UNK are other materials frequently used. A relative newcomer in outdoor signs is UNK polyester film, now used as a printed UNK for trans-illuminated signs (see UNK For outdoor signs and displays, where the problem of UNK resistance is no longer a factor, the choice of plastics is almost UNK Here may be found regular and impact UNK cellulose UNK cellulose butyrate and cellulose UNK UNK UNK expandable styrene foam, and UNK The final choice of material depends upon such factors as costs, method of UNK degree of complexity, number of units required, time available for UNK and projected life expectancy of the unit. Often, the finished sign or display incorporates several types of plastics and two or more UNK techniques. UNK UNK One of the most significant UNK in design of plastics signs is the so-called trans-illuminated UNK now being produced by several large sign manufacturers such as Advance UNK Sign Co&, Los Angeles, and Industrial Electric Inc&, New Orleans, La&. The essential difference between the new trans-illuminated boards and existing UNK is that the UNK constructed of translucent plastic panels, are lighted from within. With the source of light behind the UNK there is no loss of UNK output, as with conventional boards illuminated by means of reflected light. Also, the light sources are shielded from dirt and weather exposure and cannot obstruct the view of the sign. The copy itself, including any text or UNK is reproduced in full color directly on a thin UNK polyester film by a photo screen process. The film has an adhesive on the back which permits it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign, and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as required. UNK sets of face panels simplify the change from one copy or message to UNK new panels are exchanged for the old right in the field on a single trip. UNK with UNK copy are returned to the sign shop so a new message can be applied. UNK of this type have already made their appearance in several larger cities, and others are on the way. It is believed that these boards will, within the next few years, replace many of the conventional UNK boards now in use. UNK signs also show UNK in other directions. As used by Industrial Electric Inc&, the film panels are printed one at a time, as are UNK UNK Thus the film can be applied to UNK translucent plastics UNK they can also be applied to opaque panels for use on UNK or they can be applied directly to painted bulletin faces. In this way, the sign maker has an economical means for displaying uniform copy on different sign UNK Recently Industrial Electric unveiled another new development made possible by modern plastic UNK a revolving spectacular sign. UNK of 16 triangular trans-illuminated plastic sections, it makes it possible to combine three different signs in a single unit. The UNK automatically UNK in a cycle which permits 9 UNK of viewing time for each UNK subject. UNK panels, each slightly more than 1-1/2 ft& wide, make up the UNK length of the sign. UNK UNK UNK MANY NEEDS# Perhaps the best way to indicate the UNK of design that characterizes the use of plastics in signs and displays would be to look at what is happening in only one of the areas in this complex UNK changeable UNK UNK are meant to convey a message, and in most cases, this requires words and letters. UNK the message must be changed at intervals to feature new products, price changes, etc&. The huge market for changeable signs has spurred a universal demand for individual plastic letters, in all shapes and UNK and a number of companies are set up to supply them. Here are some of the newer items currently available: UNK Products Inc&, Chicago, UNK a changeable copy and display sign which consists of an extruded impact styrene background in choice of colors, onto which are mounted UNK letters, figures, or words UNK on acetate or other types of sheet stock. The background, which is available in various widths and continuous lengths, is extruded with parallel UNK UNK which grip the flexible letters UNK The UNK Co&, UNK UNK letters molded of UNK available in several sizes in either red or UNK UNK for merchandising use, they are UNK and have mounting UNK on the back which fit into openings in a UNK UNK background panel. For large letters, UNK UNK of acrylic or UNK there are other techniques. For example, in a typical store installation, fifty UNK and six UNK red acrylic letters were mounted against a white painted wood background. The fact that even the larger letters weighed only 5 lb& each made it possible to secure the letters to the building through clear acrylic angle UNK cemented to the letters. UNK steel screws were used to minimize UNK UNK For mounting to corrugated plastic UNK very small holes may be drilled in the sides of the letters and UNK steel wire UNK through the openings, its ends twisted behind the panels. Large UNK letters are also available for sign installations. Wagner Sign Service Inc&, Chicago, for example, supplies them in several colors, in heights of 4, 6, 8, 10, and 17 inches. They are molded of a special UNK formulation of UNK UNK Also available from this company are UNK UNK extruded of transparent acrylic material, which may be cemented to any corrugated acrylic background material. UNK in lengths from 3 to 10 UNK the bars are shaped in cross section to provide a secure fit for the tapered UNK molded in back of the letters. Still another approach to the changeable letter type of sign is a modular unit introduced by UNK UNK UNK Calif&. This vacuum formed sign is comprised of UNK (or UNK panels formed of UNK clear butyrate sheet stock, masked and UNK on the rear side. UNK signs are produced by sliding the separate letter panels into channels of UNK UNK which may be mounted to various surfaces. The sheets are extruded of UNK butyrate by Jet UNK Co&, Los Angeles, Calif&. On UNK units, where additional structural requirements are UNK one recent approach utilizes modular extruded or formed channels UNK UNK UNK of the acrylic or UNK UNK side by side, such channels make possible construction of continuous UNK luminous areas up to 50 ft& high and of unlimited UNK Letters may be wired to the face of the combined channels, painted on the first surface, or handled in other ways. #NEW RULE NO& UNK UNK UNK FROM THE UNK UNK UNK TO UNK FROM THE UNK UNK Don't insert your components into fixed openings, they may or may not UNK position your components before you close them in. For example: Don't wall in your kitchen before you hang the wall cabinets and set the appliances. It's a lot UNK and easier to dimension the kitchen to fit the cabinets and erect the end wall after they are all in place. Set your UNK before you close in the end of the bathroom. Don't try to UNK a UNK tub **f through a narrow doorway. UNK your plumbing before you frame it in (most economical framing is a thin UNK partition on either side of the UNK UNK installing and connecting up your furnace and your water heater before you wall them in. There is no better way to waste time than trying to install a furnace in a finished **f UNK Don't position your studs before you insert your windows in conventional UNK that way you may pay more to UNK the window into place than you paid for the window. You can save all that UNK time if you set your windows in one, two, three UNK first the stud on one side, then the window, then the stud on the other side. UNK your disappearing UNK (or UNK to the attic and finish your overhead ducts before you drywall the ceiling. Don't close in your house until everything has been carried in. Last wall Bob UNK UNK is the wall between the house and UNK That way he can truck his parts right indoors and unload them under the roof. No auto maker would dream of putting the head on the engine before he fitted the pistons in the block. And UNK makers, those most industrialized and therefore most efficient of UNK say they save hundreds of dollars by always building from the inside out. #NEW RULE NO& 3 UNK UNK TO UNK ALL THE BIG UNK THE UNK IN UNK UNK UNK UNK This revolution is the biggest UNK news of all, because **h _1._ It makes it easy to handle much heavier units, so you can plan to build with much bigger and heavier UNK components like those shown in the pictures UNK _2._ It makes materials handling the only construction cost that UNK UNK and UNK should be lower today than in UNK _3._ It changes the answers to "Who should do what, and UNK It UNK the need for costly UNK fabrication and increases the chance for shop UNK where almost everything can be made better and UNK _4._ It changes the answers on when to do what at the site. For example, instead of putting in your UNK last (as many builders UNK you can now save money by putting them in first. Instead of closing the house in first (as most builders UNK you can now cut your costs by not closing it in until you have to UNK ~p UNK _5._ It changes the answers on UNK relations. Not so long ago many builders were finding they could cut their costs by UNK UNK and UNK the UNK But now many of these same builders are finding they can cut their costs more by UNK up with a dealer who has volume enough to afford the most efficient specialized equipment to deliver everything just where it is needed- drywall inside the house, siding along the sides, UNK on the walls, UNK on the roof, etc&. Says Clarence UNK "We dealers must earn our UNK by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it UNK The revolution now under way in materials handling makes this much easier. _THE UNK IS UNK UNK UNK BUT MUCH MORE UNK TO BE UNK Five years ago a UNK + HOME Round Table UNK by the Lumber UNK Research Council reported UNK "Only one lumber dealer in ten is equipped to handle unit loads; only one box car in eight has the wide doors needed for unit loads; only one producer in a hundred is equipped to package and ship unit loads; only one builder in a thousand is equipped to receive unit UNK "So from raw materials to finished UNK the costs of materials handling (most of it UNK add up to one-fourth of the total construction cost of UNK "That UNK + HOME Round Table was the real starting point for today's revolution in materials UNK says Clarence Thompson, long chairman of the Lumber UNK Research Council. "It made our whole industry recognize the need for a new kind of UNK between UNK UNK equipment maker, dealer, and builder, all working together to cut the cost of materials handling. Before that we lumber dealers were working almost UNK on the UNK UNK IS WHERE UNK UNK UNK _1._ Almost all of the 3,000 lumber dealers who cater primarily to the UNK market and supply 90% of this year's new houses are UNK There are few areas left where a builder cannot find a dealer equipped to save him money by delivering everything at lower cost just where his workmen will need it. _2._ Practically all bulky housing products can now be ordered in standard units UNK or unitized for mechanical UNK including UNK asphalt UNK glass block, face brick, plaster, lime, UNK UNK UNK and UNK cement, insulation UNK floor tile, UNK tile, plaster base, and UNK UNK _3._ UNK and UNK equipment makers now offer specialized units to meet almost every UNK need. For some significant new items see the pictures. _4._ More than 50% of all lumber is UNK an UNK survey found that at least UNK lumber mills will UNK their shipments for mechanized handling. Of these, UNK said they make no extra charge for UNK in standard units, because they save enough on mechanized UNK to offset their UNK cost. Most of the others will swallow their UNK to $3 charge rather than lose a good UNK "With a UNK UNK dealers can unload unitized lumber from UNK box cars for UNK compared with UNK or more to unload loose lumber one piece at a time", says James Wright of UNK _5._ Lumber dealers and lumber manufacturers have agreed on a standard unit for unitized UNK UNK wide by a nominal UNK high (or six UNK UNK UNK wide by nominal UNK UNK These units make it easy to load as much as UNK UNK ~ft UNK UNK ~lb in a UNK box UNK much more than the average for UNK cars. _6._ The railroads have responded by adding 20,000 more box cars with doors UNK or wider for UNK UNK (a UNK increase while the total number of box cars was falling UNK and by cutting their freight rates twice on lumber shipped in heavily loaded cars. First was a 1958 cut of more than 50% on that portion of the load in excess of 40,000 UNK later came a 1961 cut on the West Coast UNK pending UNK of UNK on 70,000 UNK UNK (which works out to more than UNK on that portion of the load in excess of 70,000 UNK _7._ More unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars, and UNK studies show that flat cars loaded with the new Type UNK UNK method can be UNK for at little at UNK For long UNK these shipments should be protected with UNK paper. This costs from UNK to UNK but the cover can pay off if the lumber is to be stored in the open. UNK UNK CUT UNK COSTS FOR THE UNK AND THE UNK Says UNK James UNK "Since 1958 carriers that move material from the yard to the job site have undergone more radical changes than any of the UNK other UNK The UNK today's components and lumber packages are far too bulky to be handled by a UNK and a UNK So manufacturers have pioneered a new type of UNK the self-unloading UNK It cuts the lumber UNK cost because it takes only one man- the UNK to unload it, and because it UNK in a fraction of the time and at a fraction of the cost of hand UNK and it helps the builder because it can handle a more efficiently packaged load, can deliver it to the best spot (in some cases, right on the roof or inside the UNK and never takes any of the UNK high-priced labor to help unload it. Says UNK "Our survey shows that one third of the retail dealers plan to increase the mechanization of their materials handling in the coming two years. And most of the gain will be in self-unloading UNK #NEW RULE NO& UNK UNK WHAT YOUR MEN UNK TO HELP UNK UNK LESS OF THE TIME YOU UNK UNK Half the manhours you pay for on most jobs are wasted because the job was not planned right, so the right tools were not handy at the right place at the right time, or the right materials were not delivered to the UNK spots or materials were not stacked in the right order for UNK or you bought cheap materials that took too long to fit, or your workmen had to come back twice to finish a job they could have done on one trip. Even UNK most efficient UNK Bob UNK of UNK hopes to cut his labor costs another $2,000 per house as a result of the UNK studies now being completed on his operation by industrial efficiency engineers from the Stanley UNK Already this study has suggested ways to cut his foundation manhours from UNK to UNK by eliminating idle time and wasted motion. UNK Eddie UNK of Washington, past president of UNK cut his UNK costs $150 a house by adopting the UNK masonry UNK worked out after careful UNK studies by the Structural Clay Products Research Foundation to help bricklayers do better work for less. A midwestern builder cut his labor costs per thousand bricks from UNK to UNK by adopting this same process, cut them another UNK to UNK by buying his bricks in convenient, UNK UNK UNK The UNK process, with its precision UNK its precision guide lines, its working level UNK and its UNK brick supply takes eight manhours to get set, but once ready it makes it easy for bricklayers to lay a thousand bricks a day. See UNK UNK One good way to cut your labor waste is to make sure you are using just the right number of men in each crew. Reports Jim UNK "By studying men on the job, we found that two men- a carpenter and a UNK can lay a floor faster than three. We found that three men- two UNK and a UNK can put up wall panels or UNK more economically than four men- because four men don't make two UNK they make one inefficient UNK team. We found that wherever you can use two teams on a job, five men, not four, is the magic UNK No house was ever built that could not have been built better for less if the work had been better planned and the work better UNK #NEW RULE NO& UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK TIME ON UNK UNK TO UNK 3@ A UNK This is the most UNK UNK UNK a builder can UNK Green lumber was all very well back in the days of wet plaster, when the framing lumber was bound to swell and then shrink as tons of water dried out the UNK But now that all production builders build with drywall and all smart builders build with panels, green lumber is an UNK you cannot afford. Green studs cost about UNK dry studs cost less than 3@ more. So if a green stud makes a carpenter or a drywall UNK or anybody else waste even 20 seconds, the green stud becomes more expensive than a dry UNK There comes a time in the lives of most of us when we want to be alone. Not necessarily to be off all by ourselves, but away from the crowds and common UNK If you've UNK in Europe a time or two, it is quite certain that you've had that UNK feeling or that you will get it on your next visit across the UNK Following a guide, and gratefully so, is an excellent way to see all the important places when everything is strange and new. However, after you've seen all the historical UNK and UNK the places and UNK the churches and museums, the palaces and UNK and begin to feel at home in the capitals of Europe, you'll want to change your course and follow the UNK at will, far from the market places. The champagne at UNK the traditional capital of the champagne country, has more UNK taste somehow than it has at a sidewalk cafe on the Rue de la UNK or at UNK UNK You can UNK history and follow, in fancy, the UNK in their quest for the Holy UNK as they sail out from UNK an ancient town in the heel of UNK UNK And you don't meet the folks from home in Northwest UNK which has remained almost untouched by time and tourists since the Middle Ages. Time stands still as you climb the narrow, stone UNK in tiny villages clinging to steep mountain slopes or wander through UNK towns, perched atop lofty UNK their faces turned to the sea. They've been there since the days of the UNK and the UNK And what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and UNK in a UNK but charming UNK village on the UNK An almost UNK way to set forth on such adventures is just to put yourself behind the wheel of a car and head for the open road. For those who need or want and can afford another car, buying one and driving it on the grand tour, then shipping it home, is one popular plan for a do-it-yourself UNK Then, of course, there are those of us who either do not want or need or cannot afford another car. The answer to this UNK is to pick up a telephone and arrange to rent one. It is that UNK Almost any travel agent will reserve a car for you. You can call one of the car rental services directly UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK and ask them to reserve a car of your choice, and some transportation lines offer this service as well. With few exceptions, your car will be waiting for you at UNK airport, railroad station or hotel when you UNK UNK at no additional cost. You can wait, of course, until you arrive in Europe before renting your car. The disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or, during the busy tourist season, when cars are in great demand, you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all. Since charges are relatively the same, reserving a car before you leave for Europe will assure you of having one on tap when you want it. For those who plan to travel to Europe by one route and return by another some agencies offer a service whereby you can pick up a car in one city on arrival and leave it in another city, or even another country, when you are ready to return home. At some cities, this UNK and delivery service is without additional charge, and, if you are UNK when you are planning your UNK you will take advantage of these free delivery and collection stations in major cities within the larger European countries. International UNK UNK are usually provided with the car as are road maps and touring data. A valid American driving license is accepted in all countries except UNK UNK Yugoslavia and Eastern Europe. If you plan to visit any of these countries, you can obtain your International UNK UNK before you leave at a nominal UNK around UNK Your insurance, too, with most agencies, is provided with the car, covering comprehensive fire, UNK liability and collision with a deductible clause which varies in different countries. If you would feel happier with full collision insurance, there is a small additional charge, again varying from country to country and depending on the term of such insurance. The average charge for this additional insurance coverage is roughly UNK a day. The charge is variable, however, and goes as low as UNK a day in Ireland and as high as UNK a day in UNK UNK fees are variable, too, throughout the countries of Europe. There are as many rates as there are countries and models of cars available. As in the United States, there is a flat UNK rental charge plus a few cents per kilometer UNK and the UNK rate drops if the car is retained for a week. It drops again after fifteen and/or twenty-one days. It is well to bear in mind that gasoline will cost from UNK to UNK for the equivalent of a United States gallon and while you might prefer a familiar Ford, Chevrolet or even a UNK which are available in some countries, it is probably wiser to choose the smaller European makes which average UNK thirty-five and even forty miles to the UNK Your choice of model will undoubtedly be governed by the number of people travelling in your group. With the exception of the sports cars, even the quite tiny sedans will seat four passengers if you are willing to sacrifice comfort and luggage space for really economical transportation. There is a large variety of models to choose from in most countries, however, including UNK sedans and station wagons and the rental fee isn't all that much greater than for the wee UNK The basic costs are generally pretty much the same regardless of the agency through which you reserve your car, but some of them offer supplementary advantages. There is the free UNK UNK it here, leave it UNK service, as an example, the free delivery and collection at the airport, UNK or your hotel, luggage UNK touring documents and information and other similar services. A little investigation by telephone or reading the travel ads in the newspapers and magazines will give you these pertinent details on the additional UNK benefits. The investigation will be well worth your time. All model cars are not available in all countries. Quite naturally, there is a greater availability of those models which are manufactured within a specific country. If you would like to start your tour in Italy, where the rental fees are actually the lowest in Europe, UNK in all sizes are available, as are UNK UNK UNK models. If you wish to budget closely on transportation, saving your extra dollars to indulge in UNK one agency lists the small Fiat 500 at only UNK a day plus 3@ a kilometer and the Fiat 2100 Station UNK seating six, at just UNK a day and UNK a UNK If you will be using your car more than fifteen days, which isn't all UNK the daily rates drop quite sharply to UNK a day for the Fiat 500 and to an infinitesimal UNK a day for the Fiat 2100 Station UNK With six in the group, the cost comes to just a nickel a day per person on the daily UNK In the majority of countries, however, the rates range from UNK to UNK a day for the smaller sedans and graduate up to UNK and UNK a day for the larger, luxury European models, with the rate per kilometer driven starting at 3@ and going up as high as UNK The same model car might be available in six or eight countries, yet not two countries will have the same rate either for the daily rate or rate per kilometer driven. The variations are not too great. UNK for American cars are somewhat higher, ranging from about UNK a day up to UNK a day for a Chevrolet UNK but the rate per kilometer driven is roughly the same as for the larger European models. UNK in Greece and UNK are fairly high, actually the highest in Europe, and, surprisingly enough, they are also quite high in UNK If you are planning to tour Europe for longer than a month, it might be wise for you to lease a car. The actual over-all cost, for the first month, will perhaps not be too much lower than the rental charges for the same period of time, but you will receive a new car. You will be entitled to all the advantages of a new car owner, which includes the factory guarantee and the services valid at authorized dealers throughout Europe. Further, there is no mileage charge or mileage limitations when you lease a car, and you pay only the flat monthly rate plus a nominal charge for documents and insurance since the car is registered and insured individually for your trip. There is a fairly wide selection of models of English, German and French manufacture from which you can choose from the very small Austin 7, UNK 2 UNK UNK UNK to the UNK UNK UNK UNK a car is not as common or as popular as renting a car in Europe, but for long periods it will be unquestionably more economical and satisfactory. After the first month, rates are considerably less, averaging only about $60 a month for most 4- and UNK models. There are reasons for some people not wanting to rent cars and going on the do-it-yourself plan. For one thing, the driver usually sees less and has less fun than his passengers since it becomes pretty necessary for him to keep at least one eye on the road. Then, too, European drivers have UNK for being somewhat crazy on the road and some Americans are not particularly keen on getting mixed up with them. Still there is a way for those who want to see some of the back country of Europe by car. The way is to rent a UNK car. It isn't as expensive as most people believe it to be. Your UNK expenses will average between UNK to UNK a day, but this charge is the same whether you rent a UNK Cadillac limousine or a UNK UNK or Fiat UNK The big spread is in the charge for each kilometer UNK being governed by the rate at which gasoline is UNK Since most European cars average more miles per gallon of gasoline than American cars, it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less, but the greater seating capacity of the large American cars will UNK this, provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a UNK UNK The fees for the rental of UNK cars vary in the different countries in the same manner as they do for the UNK cars. However, whether you arrange to have a European or American model, if you rent a car with the proper seating capacity in relation to the number of people in your party, your transportation expense will average very close to UNK per day per UNK This will include your UNK UNK UNK and a drive of an average of 150 kilometers in any one day. If you drive greater distances than that, you'll just be skimming the surface and will never discover the UNK fascination and beauty which lured you in the first place to explore the UNK Of course, if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an Imperial or Cadillac limousine just for you and your bride, you'll have a memorable tour, but it won't be cheap, and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you've had a winner in the Irish UNK In American romance, almost nothing rates higher than what the movie men have called UNK UNK that is, UNK seems more adorable if it doesn't take place in an atmosphere of correct and acute boredom. Just about the most enthralling UNK example of meeting UNK is the Charles UNK Hayes UNK UNK all he did was give her a handful of UNK but he said simultaneously, "I wish they were UNK Aside from the UNK content here, a good UNK could readily pick up a few other facts, especially if he had a little more of the conversation to go on. The way UNK said his UNK if you had the recorded transcript of a professional UNK would probably have gone like this: **f Primary stresses on emeralds and UNK note pitch 3 UNK UNK on emeralds but with a slight degree of UNK one degree of UNK **h. UNK The people involved (and subsequent facts bear me out UNK knew clearly the relative values of UNK and UNK both monetary and UNK And the UNK UNK voice of UNK though fairly UNK was still well within the prescribed UNK of their culture. In other words, like automation machines designed to work in UNK they shared the same UNK a mutual understanding not only of English words, but of the four UNK pitches, and UNK that can change their meaning from black to white. At this point, unfortunately, romance becomes a UNK small part of the UNK but consider, if you can bear it, what might have happened if UNK for some UNK UNK reason, had made the same remark to an UNK girl in UNK To her UNK and emeralds would have been just so much UNK The point- quite UNK is this: words they might have UNK but communication, no. This basic principle, the first in a richly UNK UNK was conveyed to me by Dr& Henry Lee Smith, Jr&, at the University of Buffalo, where he heads the world's first department of anthropology and UNK A UNK amusing man, apparently constructed on an ingenious system of UNK attuned to the same peppery rhythm as his mind, Smith began his academic career teaching speech to Barnard UNK a project considerably UNK by his devotion to a recording about "a young rat named UNK who never could make up his mind". Later, he became one of the central spirits of the Army UNK Program and the language school of Washington's Foreign Service Institute. It was there, in the course of trying to prepare new men for the UNK UNK they might encounter in remote overseas posts, that he first began to develop a system of charting the UNK of human UNK To the trained ear of the UNK talk has always revealed a UNK quantity of information about the UNK such things as geographical origin and/or history, socio-economic identity, education. It is only fairly recently, however, that linguists have developed a systematic way of charting voices on paper in a way that tells even more about the speakers and about the success or failure of human communication between two people. This, for obvious reasons, makes their techniques superbly useful in studying the psychiatric interview, so useful, in fact, that they have been successfully used to suggest ways to speed diagnosis and to evaluate the progress of therapy. In the early UNK Smith, together with his distinguished colleague, George UNK (so UNK academic he sometimes fights his own evident UNK and a third man with the engaging name of UNK UNK agreed on some basic premises about the three-part process that makes UNK (1) words or language (2) UNK a set of phenomena including UNK weeping, voice UNK and UNK of voice, and (3) UNK the technical name for UNK UNK UNK and body UNK nodding or shaking the head, UNK with one's hands, et UNK Smith's first workout with UNK pitches, and UNK was based on mother, which UNK in our culture, a good deal more than bread alone. For example, if you are a reasonably UNK person, there are certain ways that are reasonable and appropriate for addressing your mother. The usual U&S& norm would be: **f Middle pitches, slight pause UNK before mother, slight rise at the end. The symbols of mother's status, here, are all usual for culture UNK Quite other feelings are evidenced by this style: **f Note the drop to pitch 1 (the UNK on mother with no rise at the end of the UNK this is a UNK UNK and what you have here is a UNK style of speech, expressing something less than conventional respect for mother. Even less regard for UNK and UNK apple pie goes UNK **f In other words, the way the speaker relates to mother is clearly indicated. And while the meaning of the words is not in this instance UNK the quality of communication in both the second and third examples is definitely UNK An accompanying record of UNK factors for the second example might also note a UNK UNK With this UNK UNK though the speaker undoubtedly thought he was dealing only with the subject of UNK he was telling things about himself and, in the last two examples, revealing that he had departed from the customs of his culture. The joint investigations of linguistics and UNK have established, in point of fact, that no matter what the subject of conversation is or what words are involved, it is impossible for people to talk at all without telling over and over again what sort of people they are and how they relate to the rest of the world. Since interviewing is the basic therapeutic and diagnostic instrument of modern UNK the recording of interviews for UNK and study has been a boost of UNK proportions in new research and training. Some of the earliest UNK made in the UNK demonstrated that psychiatrists reacted immediately to anger and anxiety in the sound track, whereas written records of the same interview offered far fewer UNK to therapy UNK if they were at all discernible in UNK were picked up only by the most skilled and sensitive experts. In a general way, psychiatrists were able to establish on a wide basis what many of them had always UNK that the most telling UNK in psychotherapy are UNK that such things as stress and nagging are transmitted by sound alone and not necessarily by words. At a minimum, UNK usually on tape, which is now in wide professional UNK brings the psychiatric interview alive so that the full range of emotion and meaning can be explored repeatedly by the therapist or by a battery of UNK Newest to this UNK battery are the experts in linguistics who have carried that minimum to a new level. By adding a systematic analysis with symbols to the UNK UNK of interviews, they have supplied a new set of techniques for the UNK UNK charting of the UNK interview flags points where the patient's voice UNK from expected norms. It flags such possible UNK of communication as rehearsed dialogue, the note of UNK ambivalence or UNK UNK UNK and the UNK to speak at all- this last often marked by a UNK beginning of UNK UNK naturally, remains the role of the UNK but UNK not only the patient's vocal giveaways of geographical and socio-economic background, but also vocal but UNK giveaways of danger spots in his relationship to people- can be considerably UNK up by the UNK His esoteric UNK of the voice alert the therapist to areas where deeper probing may bring to light underlying psychological difficulties, making them apparent first to the therapist and eventually to the patient. In one UNK first interview, for example, the transcript UNK from the book, <The First Five UNK goes like this: **f The UNK level tone is UNK and UNK he has, for example, avoided stressing UNK which would imply UNK or surprise, which would set the patient apart from other people. The patient, on the other hand, is far from UNK aside from her specifically regional accent, she reveals by the use of the UNK UNK tense, UNK a certain UNK UNK that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language (i&e&, she must have had at least a high-school UNK and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before. Then she UNK into UNK and UNK putting particular violence on UNK indicating to the UNK that this is a spot to UNK that is, it is not congruent to the patient's general style of speech up to this point. Consequently, it is referred to the therapist for attention. He may then very well conclude that UNK is probably not the true target of her UNK Immediately thereafter, the patient UNK her rehearsed story, UNK into an UNK UNK UNK UNK "I don't feel like talking right now". Within the first five minutes of this interview it is apparent to the therapist that UNK truthfully refers to the woman's husband. She says later, but still within the opening five minutes, "I keep thinking of a divorce but that's another emotional UNK The linguistic and UNK signals of misery are all present in the voice chart for this UNK so are certain signals that she does not accept UNK By saying UNK emotional UNK she reveals that there has been a previous one, although she has not described it in words. This the therapist may pursue in later UNK The phrase, UNK UNK interesting and, to a UNK mind, rather UNK suggests that this woman may have some flair for words, perhaps even something of the temperament UNK called UNK Since the psychiatric interview, like any other interview, depends on communication, it is significant to note that the therapist in this interview was a man of marked skill and long experience. His own communication apparatus operated UNK and Lillian Ross readers will note instantly its total lack of resemblance to the UNK UNK UNK mechanism of Dr& UNK Interestingly UNK although none of the UNK UNK involved could conceivably compare with UNK when groups of them began playing back interviews, they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview UNK almost everyone, on first hearing one of his own sessions on tape, expressed some desire to take the whole thing over again. Yet, in spite of this, intensive study of the UNK interviews by teams of UNK and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that, in the first five minutes of an initial interview, the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him; to spot these giveaways the therapist must know either UNK or scientifically how to listen. Naturally, the patient does not say, "I hate my UNK or UNK rivalry is what bugs me". What he <does> do is give himself away by communicating information over and above the words involved. Some of the classic UNK as described by Drs& UNK UNK and UNK in <The First Five UNK are these: UNK OF UNK UNK or repetition of UNK you, he, UNK et UNK may signal ambiguity or UNK On the other hand significant facts may be UNK UNK may mean UNK or UNK as it did with the tense and irritable woman mentioned before, may refer to a specific person. The word that is <not> used can be as important as the word that <is> used; therapist and/or UNK must always consider the alternatives. When someone says, for example, "They took ~X rays to see that there was nothing wrong with me", it pays to consider how this statement would normally be made. (This patient, in UNK was a UNK who had almost come to the point of accepting the fact that it was not her UNK but her UNK that was the cause of her UNK **h Amateur linguists note here that UNK in UNK UNK UNK UNK when he spoke of his wife, which is hardly surprising in view of their disastrous relationship. @ She was just another UNK from the States, and she seemed as commonplace as her name. She was the <John Harvey,> one of those Atlantic UNK that had sailed to Bari to bring beans, bombs, and bullets to the U&S& UNK Air Force, to Field Marshal UNK Eighth Army then racing up the UNK of the UNK of Italy in that early December of UNK The <John Harvey> arrived in UNK a port on the UNK on November UNK making for Porto UNK which, as the name indicates, was the ancient city's new and modern harbor. UNK anyone ashore marked her as she anchored UNK off UNK 29 on the UNK If anyone thought of the <John Harvey,> it was to observe that she was UNK by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the <John Harvey> would likely be blown up with her own UNK and whatever else it was that she UNK Which was poison gas. ## It had required the approval of President Franklin UNK Roosevelt before the <John Harvey> could be loaded with 100 tons of mustard gas and UNK to the Italian UNK For in a world as yet UNK with the horrors of the UNK UNK poison gas was still regarded as the ultimate in UNK weapons. Throughout the early years of World War /2,, reports persisted that the Axis powers had used UNK Germany in Russia, Japan in China again. They were always denied. UNK people in America were warning the Pentagon to be prepared against UNK gas attacks by the Germans in future UNK Some extremists went so far as to urge our using it first. To silence UNK to warn the UNK President Roosevelt issued this statement for the Allies in UNK "From time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the Axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or UNK gases or other UNK devices of warfare. I have been loath to believe that any nation, even our present enemies, could or would be willing to loose upon mankind such terrible and UNK weapons. UNK evidence that the Axis powers are making significant preparations indicative of such an intention is being reported with increasing frequency from a variety of sources. UNK of such weapons has been outlawed by the general opinion of civilized mankind. This country has not used them, and I hope that we never will be compelled to use them. I state UNK that we shall under no circumstances resort to the use of such weapons unless they are first used by our UNK The following month the invasion of Italy was UNK and Roosevelt gave effect to his warning by UNK to the UNK of poison gas in southern Italy. Bari was chosen as a UNK not only for its seeming safety, but because of its proximity to UNK Any UNK gas attack would be UNK It would be made in three UNK the first to lay down a UNK the second to drop the gas bombs, the third to shower UNK which would burn everything below. So the vile cargo went into the hole of the <John UNK A UNK of six men from the UNK UNK Maintenance Company under First Lt& Howard D& Beckstrom went UNK followed by Lt& Thomas H& UNK the UNK Security UNK UNK was UNK Only a few other people- very important people- knew of the UNK eggs UNK below UNK No one else must know. Thus, in the UNK way- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not- was the stage set for tragedy at Bari. It was the night of December 2, 1943, and it was growing dark in Bari. It was getting on toward 7 o'clock and the German UNK plane had been and gone on its eighth straight visit. Capt& A& B& Jenks of the Office of Harbor Defense was very worried. He knew that German long-range bombers had been returning to the attack in Italy. On November UNK they had made a raid on La UNK Two days later, some 30 of them had struck at a convoy off UNK sinking a UNK and it had been that very night that the UNK had made its first appearance. After it had UNK the next two nights, Jenks went to higher headquarters and said: "For three days now a German reconnaissance plane has been over the city taking pictures. They're just waiting for the proper time to come over here and UNK this place into the UNK But the older and wiser heads had dismissed his warning as UNK Even though it was known that the UNK in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General UNK the commander who would conduct the "Little UNK on London in 1944, a major raid on Bari at this UNK of the war was not to be considered seriously. True, there had been raids on UNK but UNK was pretty far north on the opposite coast. No, Bari was out of range. More than that, Allied air had complete superiority in the Eighth Army's UNK So Captain Jenks returned to his harbor post to watch the scouting plane put in five more appearances, and to feel the certainty of this dread rising within him. For Jenks knew that UNK defenses were made of paper. The Royal Air Force had but a single light UNK UNK and two balloon units available. There were no UNK fighter UNK on Bari UNK The radar station with the best location was still not UNK Telephone communication was bad. And everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old UNK of UNK multiple command. It had been made shockingly evident that very morning to Ensign Kay K& UNK in charge of the armed guard aboard the <John UNK A British officer had come aboard and told him that in case of enemy air attack he was not to open fire until bombs were actually UNK Then he was to UNK his fire with a radar-controlled shore gun firing white UNK "This harbor is a UNK UNK the UNK had said with frank UNK "It's up to you to protect UNK We can't expect any help from the fighters at UNK either. They're all being used on offensive UNK Vesole had been UNK Not fire until the bombs came UNK He thought of the tons and tons of UNK fluid beneath his feet and shook his head. Like UNK Like hell he'd UNK and UNK the radar-controlled gun got knocked out? What would his guns guide on UNK the North UNK Ensign Vesole decided that he would not UNK until he heard the whispering of the bombs, and when night began to fall, he put Seaman UNK Donald L& Norton and Seaman UNK William A& UNK on the guns and told them to start shooting the moment they saw an enemy silhouette. Below UNK Seaman UNK Stanley Bishop had begun to write a letter home. ## Above UNK on the <John Harvey,> Lieutenant Richardson gazed at the lights still burning on the port wall and felt uneasy. There were lights UNK in the city, too, even though it was now dark enough for a few stars to become visible. Bari was asking for it, he thought. For five days now, they had been in port and that filthy stuff was still in the UNK Richardson wondered when it would be UNK He hoped they would put it somewhere way, way down in the earth. The burden of his secret was pressing down on him, as it was on Lieutenant Beckstrom and his six enlisted men. Lieutenant Richardson could UNK the officers and men of the <John Harvey> in their innocent assumption that the ship contained nothing more dangerous than high explosive bombs. They seemed happy at the delay in UNK glad at the chance to go ashore in a lively liberty port such as Bari. Nine of them had gone down the UNK UNK UNK UNK James L& UNK and Seaman Walter Brooks had been the first to leave. Richardson had returned their departing UNK with the UNK nod that is the security officer's stock in trade. The other half of the crew, plus Beckstrom and his men, had remained aboard. Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly. UNK if that wasn't a sailing ship standing out of the old UNK Porto UNK The night was so clear that Richardson had no difficulty making out the silhouette. Then the thought of a UNK sky made him UNK and he glanced upward. His eyes UNK It was a clear night and it was UNK Capt& Michael A& UNK Military governor of the UNK UNK had also seen and felt the UNK But he had mistaken it for UNK Captain UNK UNK UNK with the UNK name <Unsinkable> had just left Porto UNK with a cargo of UNK UNK oil for the UNK civilian population. Musmanno was on UNK At exactly UNK he felt a UNK object brush his face. He snatched at it UNK He turned the beam of his UNK on it. He laughed. It was the silver foil from the chocolate bar he had been UNK He UNK But how UNK Another, longer strip of UNK whipped his mouth. It was two feet long. It was not candy UNK It was UNK the UNK paper dropped by bombers to jam radar UNK to fill the scope with hundreds of UNK that would seem to be approaching UNK UNK Musmanno UNK to his Italian UNK UNK UNK the UNK <Unsinkable> slowed and stopped, hundreds of brilliant white UNK swayed UNK down from the black, the air raid UNK ashore rose in a UNK UNK the UNK guns UNK and UNK and above it all UNK roared and the bombs came whispering and UNK and crashing down among the ships at anchor at Bari. They had come from airports in the UNK these UNK UNK UNK They had winged over the UNK they had taken Bari by complete surprise and now they were UNK her, attacking with deadly skill. They had ruined the radar warning system with their window, they had made themselves UNK above their UNK And they also had the lights of the city, the port wall UNK and a shore UNK spotlight to guide on. After the first two were UNK out, the third light was abandoned by a terrified Italian crew, who left their light to UNK for nine minutes like an UNK UNK beacon until British UNK shot it out. In that UNK the German bombers made a hell of Bari harbor. Merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares, made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud, were impossible to UNK The little <Unsinkable> sank almost immediately. Captain Musmanno roared at his men to UNK three of the UNK of UNK oil together for a UNK They got it over the side and clambered aboard only a few minutes before their UNK went under. <John UNK went down early, too. Ensign Vesole and his UNK had fought UNK but they had no targets. Most of the UNK were above the UNK light of the flares, and the radar-controlled shore gun had been knocked out by one of the first sticks of bombs. Vesole rushed from gun to gun, attempting to direct fire. He was UNK but fought on. Norton and UNK fired wildly at the sounds of the UNK Bishop rushed on deck to grab a UNK gun, pumping out 400 rounds before sticks of three bombs each crashed into UNK One, Three and UNK Now the UNK was UNK wounded. UNK she was not completely UNK and would go down before the gasoline could UNK The order to abandon ship was given, but cries of pain could be heard from the wounded below UNK THERE IS a pause in the UNK as your friends gaze at you, wondering why you are UNK UNK in UNK You explain, "I have the UNK feeling of having lived through this very same event before. I can't tell when, but I'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the UNK This experience will have happened to many of you. Emerson, in his lecture, refers to the "**h startling experience which almost every person confesses in UNK that particular passages of conversation and action have occurred to him in the same order before, whether dreaming or UNK a suspicion that they have been with precisely these persons in precisely this room, and heard precisely this dialogue, at some former hour, they know not UNK Most psychiatrists dismiss these instances of that weird feeling as the <deja UNK UNK UNK illusion, just as they dismiss dream UNK as UNK In this manner they UNK the seemingly hopeless investigation of the greater depths of mystery in which all of us UNK continually. When a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream, we have an instance of <deja UNK except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar. Occasionally there are examples of UNK which cannot be pushed aside without UNK an UNK attitude. One day UNK coming with a friend upon an event which he recognized as the exact pattern of a previous dream, detailed the ensuing occurrences in advance so accurately that his companion was completely UNK UNK UNK UNK for the UNK of psychical research was altered somewhat when he wondered "**h how, or why, had I been shown an UNK roll of my life UNK The famous author tells us of the strange incident in UNK About UNK One day when he attended a war memorial ceremony in Westminster Abbey his view was obstructed by a UNK man on his left, his attention turned to the irregular pattern of the rough slab flooring and someone, UNK him by the arm, whispered, "I want a word with you, UNK At that moment UNK was UNK with awed amazement, suddenly recalling that these identical details of scene, action and word had occurred to him in a dream six weeks earlier. Freud probably contributed more than anyone else to the understanding of dreams, enabling us to recognize their equivalents in our wakeful thoughts. However, readers who accept UNK findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams, should UNK over the following words in his UNK Of UNK Chapter UNK "**h as a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case, and what is more, every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain **h nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the UNK or UNK power of UNK UNK present many mysteries of UNK UNK UNK and UNK <The basic mystery of dreams, which embraces all the others and challenges us from even the most common typical dream, is in the fact that they are original, visual UNK I recall the UNK vivid realism of a dream in which I lived through the horror of the bombing of a little Korean town. I am sure that nothing within me is capable of composing that UNK sequence, so complete in detail, from the UNK of news pictures I have seen. And when psychology explains UNK "but the UNK mind is able to produce UNK it refers to a mental region so vaguely identified that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind. UNK may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed, but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence. The question UNK "What is a UNK Is a dream simply a mental or cerebral UNK Every dream, and this is true of a mental image of any type even though it may be readily interpreted into its equivalent of wakeful thought, is a psychic phenomenon for which no explanation is available. In most cases we recognize certain words, persons, animals or objects. But these are dreamed in original action, in some particular continuity which we don't remember having seen in real life. For instance, the UNK sees himself seated behind neighbor Smith and, with photographic realism, sees Smith driving the UNK whereas, it is a matter of fact that Smith cannot drive a car. There is nothing to suggest that the brain can alter past impressions to fit into an original, realistic and unbroken continuity like we experience in dreams. The entire concept of cerebral imagery as the physical basis of a mental image can find no logical support. <A UNK UNK UNK UNK us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought, or consciously in light sleep, is actually not an image at all but is comprised of UNK viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream, but within the depths of the fourth UNK UNK that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components, including that weird feeling of <deja UNK inevitably fantastic though that theory must UNK As in the theory of perception, established in UNK the eye is recognized as an integral part of the brain. But then this theory confesses that it is completely at a loss as to how the image can possibly be received by the brain. The opening paragraph of the chapter titled <The UNK Of Representative UNK in the book UNK Of UNK by Albert G& UNK says, "**h passed on to the brain, and there, by some UNK process, it causes the mind to have a UNK But why is it necessary to reproduce the retinal image within the UNK As retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the UNK between the inner brain and the eyes, carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain UNK rather than to UNK on the transmission of an image which is already in required location. UNK the external object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen, not the retinal image, the purpose of which would be to achieve UNK cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers, motor UNK associated word symbols, and consciousness. Modern physics has developed the theory that all matter consists of minute waves of energy. We know that the number of radio and television UNK sound waves, ultra-violet UNK etc&, that may occupy the very same space, each solitary upon its own UNK is UNK So we may conceive the coexistence of the infinite number of UNK apparently UNK states of matter, successive one after another in consciousness, but permanent each on its own basic phase of the progressive frequencies. This theory makes it possible for any event throughout eternity to be continuously available at any moment to consciousness. Space in any form is completely measured by the three dimensions. If the fourth dimension is a physical concept and not purely UNK through what medium does it UNK It is not through space nor time that the time machine most approved by science fiction must travel for a visit to the permanent UNK past, or the UNK UNK future. Three seconds flat is the usual time, and the space is crossed by moderate UNK while the overwhelming UNK of such UNK must be conceived as a static UNK through an enormous number of UNK frequencies which perpetuate all events. The body, senses and brain, in common with all matter, have their counterpart on each of a countless number of frequencies. The senses in each counterpart bear the impression only of phenomena that share its own UNK whereas those upon all other frequencies are UNK UNK and UNK to them. UNK is the factor that provides the progressive continuity to sensory impressions. When consciousness UNK the sleeping body and the wakeful world, it continues in the myriad UNK of the ever-present past and future, in a life as vibrant and real as the one left when the body tired and required sleep. If the UNK realistic continuity of dreams, however UNK their UNK denies that it is purely a composition of the brain, it must be compounded from views of diverse UNK although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life. Dr& H& V& UNK Professor of UNK at the University of Pennsylvania, dreamed that a UNK priest, associated with the king UNK UNK UNK escorted him to the UNK chamber of the temple of UNK gave him six novel points of information about a certain broken UNK and corrected an error in its identification. As a matter of fact, the incorrect UNK the result of many weeks of labor by Dr& UNK was about to be published by him the following day. Some time later the missing part of the relic was found and the complete inscription, together with other new evidence, fully UNK the ancient UNK information. Dr& UNK was uncertain as to the language used by the ancient priest in his dream. He was almost positive it was not UNK nor UNK and imagined it must have been German or English. We may conclude that all six points of information, UNK given by the dream priest, UNK UNK been furnished by Dr& UNK UNK UNK But, in denying any physical reality for this dream, how could the brain possibly UNK that realistic, vividly visual continuity uninterrupted by misty UNK violent break or sudden UNK Which theory is more UNK 1. that the perfect continuity was composed from the UNK of memory impressions in the UNK brain, or 2. that the dream was a reality on the infinite UNK of UNK gradient frequencies, across which the modern professor and the priest of ancient UNK UNK The degree of UNK the ratio of memory to UNK determines whether a dream will be a UNK fulfilled UNK or the UNK effective source of the weird <deja UNK feeling. No doubt some experiences vanish so completely as to leave no trace on the UNK mind. Probably less than one percent of our UNK escape final UNK before we UNK When we arrive at the events concerned in the vanished majority, they, of course, cannot impress us as anything familiar. Nevertheless, there are notably frequent instances of <deja UNK in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before, a feeling which, though vague, UNK the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of UNK If <deja UNK is an illusion, then UNK it is a most prevalent mental disturbance affecting even the most UNK people. UNK UNK one-time UNK for the Republican Presidential nomination, was attending a convention at UNK where he was scheduled to nominate Colonel Theodore Roosevelt for Governor of New York when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met. After the preliminary business affair was finished Depew arose and delivered the convincing speech that UNK the nomination for Roosevelt. If Depew had told any academic psychologist that he had a weird feeling of having lived through that identical convention session at some time in the past, he would have been informed that he was a victim of <deja UNK But the famous orator felt more than vague recognition for the scene. He remembered exactly when he had lived through it before, and he had something to prove he had. One week before the convention, Depew was seated on the porch of a country home on the Hudson, gazing at the opposite shore. UNK UNK IS UNK and it is a lot of fun to be UNK So wrote a ten year old student in a letter to his parents from North Country School, Lake UNK New York. In this one sentence, he UNK revealed the basic philosophy of the nutrition and psychological programs in operation at the school. Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value, care for its origin, and prepared in a manner that retains the most UNK the food <does> taste good. When served in a psychological atmosphere that allows young bodies to UNK the greatest good from what they eat because they are free from tension, a foundation is laid for a high level of health that releases the children from physical UNK to participate with enjoyment in the work assignments, the athletic programs and the most important phase, the educational opportunities. UNK in a region of some of the loveliest mountain scenery in the country, the school buildings are located amid open fields and farm lands. These contemporary structures, beautifully adapted to a school in the country, are home to 60 children, ages eight to UNK grades four through eight. From fourteen states and three foreign countries they come to spend the months from mid-September to June. The Director, Walter E& Clark, believes that a school with children living full time in its care must take full responsibility for their welfare. To him this means caring for the whole child, providing basic nutrition, and a spiritual attitude that lends freedom for the development of the mind. UNK UNK METHODS# The concept of good nutrition really began with the garden. The school has always maintained a farm to supply the needs of the school. In a climate hostile to agriculture, Mr& Clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques. Where a growing season may, with UNK allow 60 days without UNK and where the soil is poor, UNK UNK and subject to UNK many farmers fail. Throughout the UNK region abandoned farm homes and wild orchards bear UNK testimony that their owners met defeat. Mr& Clark found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing, use of chemical fertilizers and UNK plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and UNK did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil. "To give up these notions required a revolution in UNK Mr& Clark said in UNK about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading UNK UNK and UNK UNK in a search for help with his problems. "Louis UNK writings excited me as a UNK By 1952 he was convinced he would no longer UNK He locked his equipment in a cabinet where it still remains. After reading UNK UNK by Edward H& Faulkner, he stopped UNK The basis for compost materials already existed on the school farm with a stable of animals for the riding program, poultry for eggs, UNK to eat UNK a beef herd and wastes of all UNK UNK UNK were kept in the kitchen for coffee grounds and egg UNK All these materials and supplementary manure and other fertilizers from neighboring dairy and poultry farms made over 40 tons of finished compost a year. It was applied with a compost UNK made from a converted manure UNK Years of patient application of compost and leaf UNK has changed the structure of the soil and its UNK capacity. Soon after the method changed, visitors began asking how he managed to UNK his soil to keep it looking UNK when in reality, it was the soil treatment alone that accomplished this. To demonstrate the soil of his vegetable gardens as it is today, Mr& Clark UNK to UNK up a handful of rich dark earth. UNK its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good UNK consistency, he pointed to the nearby driveway and said, "This soil used to be like that hard packed road over there". "People and soils respond UNK says Walter Clark, "but the time has now come when the gardens produce delicious UNK vegetables due to this UNK program. No chemical fertilizers and poisonous UNK and UNK are UNK The garden supplies enough UNK UNK UNK potatoes, UNK cabbage and UNK to store for winter meals in the root UNK The UNK sometimes don't make it through the UNK the cabbage and UNK keep until March or UNK There is never enough corn, peas or UNK Mr& Clark still has to use UNK with potatoes grown on the least fertile fields, but he has watched the insect damage decrease steadily and hopes that continued use of compost and leaf mulch will allow him to do without it in the future. A new project planned is the use of UNK UNK New ideas for improving nutrition came with the study of soil treatment. "After the UNK the UNK says Mr& UNK The first major change was that of providing UNK bread instead of white bread. UNK take a long time to convince and you are UNK if you try to UNK At first the kitchen help was UNK but ordered their own supply of white bread for themselves. "You can't make French toast with whole-wheat UNK was an early UNK Of course they learned in time that they not only could use whole-wheat bread, but the children liked it better. UNK UNK Mrs& Clark, as house manager, planned the UNK and cared for the UNK Then Miss Lillian Colman came from Vermont to be kitchen manager. Today whole grains are UNK ground every day and baked into bread. Mr& UNK studies taught him that the only way to conserve the vitamins in the whole grain was prompt use of the flour. Once the grains are ground, vitamin ~E begins to UNK immediately and half of it is lost by oxidation and exposure to the air within one week. A mill stands in a room off the kitchen. UNK it are metal cans of grains ordered from organic farms in the state. Miss Colman UNK measures of whole wheat, oats, and UNK UNK and turns on the motor. She goes on about her work and UNK for the completion of the UNK The bread baked from this mixture is light in color and UNK in UNK It is well liked by the children and faculty. There is one problem with the bread. UNK bread is so good and everything tastes so much better here that it is hard not to eat too much", said the secretary UNK UNK her extra pounds. UNK UNK UNK The school has not used cold prepared cereals for years, though at one time that was all they ever served. When the chance came, they first eliminated cold cereal once a week, then gradually converted to hot UNK cereal every day. They serve cracked wheat, oats or UNK Occasionally, the children find UNK whole-wheat grains for cereal which they call UNK At the beginning of the school year, the new students don't eat the cereal right away, but within a short time they are eating it UNK When they leave for vacations they miss the hot UNK The school has received letters from parents asking, "What happened to UNK He never used to like any hot UNK now that's the only kind he wants. Where can we get this cereal he likes so UNK UNK FOODS# UNK are served at least once a day. UNK are served UNK Most come from the root cellar or from the UNK UNK UNK is served once a week. UNK grains and seeds are used in UNK and dishes such as UNK UNK Sometimes UNK wheat is added to bread and causes the children to UNK UNK did you put nuts in the bread today"? Milk appears twice a day. The school raises enough poultry, UNK and beef cattle for most of their needs. UNK of cheese made from June grass milk is served. UNK are kept on the range and UNK are kept with them for their UNK UNK meats such as beef and chicken UNK tongue and heart are planned once a week. Also, salt water fish is on the table once a week. For UNK UNK and UNK are each served once a week. Most other UNK are fruit in some form, fresh fruits once daily at least, sometimes at snack time. UNK fruits are purchased from sources where they are neither UNK nor UNK UNK come from a farm in Vermont where they are not UNK UNK and UNK are shipped from Florida weekly from an organic farm. Finding sources for these high quality foods is a problem. Sometimes the solution comes in unexpected ways. Following a talk by Mr& Clark at the New York State UNK Food UNK UNK a man from the audience offered to ship his UNK apples to the school from UNK UNK UNK yeast and ground UNK are used in bread and in dishes such as UNK sauce, meat UNK Miss Colman hopes to find suitable UNK so that UNK can be available at the tables. UNK UNK is available on the breakfast table for the children to help themselves. Very few fried foods are used and the use of salt and pepper is discouraged. UNK with meals is also UNK pitchers of water merely appear on the tables. Nothing is UNK The source is known so there is no necessity to remove UNK UNK The cooking UNK a maximum of the vitamin ~C content of vegetables by methods which use very little water and cook in the UNK time possible. UNK UNK NO UNK Since Mr& Clark believes firmly that the chewing of hard foods helps develop healthy gums and teeth, raw vegetables and raw whole-wheat grains are handed out with fresh fruit and whole-wheat cookies at snack time in the UNK To solve the problem of the wheat grains UNK on the floor and getting UNK a ball of maple syrup boiled to candy consistency was invented to hold the UNK On their frequent hikes into the nearby mountains, the children carry whole grains to UNK along the UNK They learn to like these so well that it isn't surprising to hear that one boy tried the oats he was feeding his horse at chore time. They UNK good to him, so he brought some to breakfast to eat in his cereal bowl with milk and honey. UNK syrup is made by the children in the woods on the school grounds. This and raw sugar replace ordinary refined sugar on the tables and very little sugar is used in cooking. UNK is not allowed. Parents are asked in the bulletin to send packages of treats consisting of fruit and nuts, but no UNK UNK UNK Mr& Clark believes in a good full breakfast of fruit, hot UNK milk, honey, whole-wheat toast with real butter and UNK The heavy meal comes in the middle of the day. UNK is often the important dish at UNK UNK of meat, bones and UNK it is rich in dissolved minerals and UNK The school finds that the children are satisfied with smaller amounts of food since all of it is high in quality. The cost to feed one person is just under one dollar a day. UNK UNK Even before he saw the necessity of growing better food and planning good nutrition, Mr& Clark felt the school had a good health program. UNK outdoor exercise for an hour and a half every day in all kinds of weather was the rule. A vigorous program existed in UNK UNK sports and overnight UNK UNK CHILDREN# Since the change to better nutrition, he feels he can report on improvements in health, though he considers the following statements observations and not scientific UNK UNK to the school ask what UNK they use on the children's hair to bring out the UNK The UNK complexion of the faces also brings comment. UNK by swirling UNK the little green UNK struggled northward between the mountains beyond UNK UNK UNK UNK as a cold November blast rocked the silver UNK but the engine roar was reassuring to the pilot UNK in the open cockpit. He peered ahead and UNK as the railroad tracks came into view again below. "Good old iron UNK he thought. A UNK of smoke rose from a Central Vermont UNK which UNK behind a string of gravel cars, and little figures that were workmen labored to set the UNK UNK to rights. The UNK of a shattered Dog River bridge lay strewn for half a mile UNK UNK main railroad line was UNK And in the dark days after the Great UNK of UNK the worst natural disaster in the state's history- the little plane was its sole replacement in carrying the United States UNK Rain of near UNK proportions had fallen for three full days and it was still UNK on the morning of Friday, November 4, 1927, when officials of the Post Office Department's UNK Mail Service realized that their distribution system for Vermont had been almost totally destroyed overnight. UNK and UNK UNK UNK out of their UNK those who still had UNK and wondered how to move the mail. The state's railroad system counted miles of broken bridges and missing UNK it would obviously remain out of commission for weeks. And once medicine, food, clothing and shelter had been provided for the UNK UNK communications and the mail were the next top problems. From UNK outgoing mail could be UNK across Lake Champlain to the railroad at Port Kent, N& Y&. But what came in was piling up. The nearest UNK end of track from Boston was at Concord, N& UNK When Governor Al Smith offered New York National Guard planes to fly the mail in and out of the state, it seemed a likely temporary solution, UNK UNK UNK and that at Montpelier too. The question was "Where to UNK There was no such thing as an airport in UNK Burlington UNK John J& UNK suggested the parade ground southwest of Fort Ethan Allen, and soon a dozen UNK National Guard pilots were bringing their UNK UNK and UNK UNK to rest on the frozen UNK of the military base. The only available field that could be used near UNK Montpelier was on the Towne farm off upper Main Street, a narrow UNK where UNK and UNK could be safely made only under light wind conditions. Over in Barre the streets had been deep in swirling water, and bridges were UNK and gone. UNK delivery of UNK and yeast by plane, UNK City citizens formed an UNK committee and with the aid of UNK and the UNK Infantry, Vermont National UNK laid out UNK on Wilson flat, high on UNK Hill. The UNK UNK UNK was set to receive its first aircraft the Sunday following the UNK Though the makeshift airports were UNK the York State Guard UNK proved unable to keep any kind of mail schedule. They had courage but their UNK training consisted of weekend UNK in good weather, in and out of established UNK And the increasingly cold weather soon raised UNK with the water cooled engines of their World War /1, UNK It seemed like a good time for officials to use a UNK law UNK the post office department to contract for the transport of first class mail by air. They had to act fast, for letters were UNK the UNK Down in Concord, New Hampshire, was a UNK in the right place at the right time: Robert S& UNK a native New Englander, had been a World War /1, flying UNK UNK and one of the original planners of the Concord UNK UNK UNK UNK Bob Fogg had already UNK up one historical first in air mail history. UNK a UNK Navy UNK flying boat off Lake UNK in 1925, he had inaugurated the original Rural UNK air service in America. During the excitement following UNK flight to Paris earlier in 1927, dare devil UNK overnight became legendary heroes. In Concord, Bob Fogg was the most prominent New Hampshire boy with wings. UNK UNK UNK him to a UNK UNK aimed at putting their city and state on the flying UNK The ship was a Waco UNK one of the first two of its type to be fitted with the air cooled, UNK Wright radial engine known as the UNK A trim green and UNK craft only UNK feet long, the Waco was entered to compete in the UNK Air Derby of 1927. As a matter of fact, Fogg and his plane didn't get beyond Pennsylvania in the UNK an engine oil UNK forced him down- but the flying service and school he started subsequently were first steps in paying off his UNK UNK So with all this experience, Bob Fogg was a natural choice to receive the first Emergency Air Mail Star Route contract. His work began just six days after the UNK By UNK from Concord to Burlington is a distance of about 150 miles, counting a slight deviation for the stop at either Barre or UNK The first few days Bob Fogg set his plane down on Towne field back of the State House when the wind was right, and used Wilson flat above Barre when it UNK Between the UNK Towne field and the long UNK back road haul that was necessary to gain access to Wilson flat, arrangements at the state capital were far from satisfactory. Each time in, the unhappy pilot, pushing his UNK begged the postal officials that met him to find a UNK landing place, preferably on the UNK hills across the Winooski River. "But UNK they UNK "we can't get over there. And besides you seem to make it all right here". It took a tragedy to bring things to a head. After a week of precarious UNK UNK and UNK UNK Fogg one day looked down at the shattered yellow UNK of an Army plane strewn across UNK Towne field. UNK to Montpelier by Secretary Herbert Hoover, Red Cross UNK UNK UNK had been UNK and his pilot, Lt& Franklin Wolfe, badly injured. With the field a UNK of white the unfortunate pilot had simply flown into the UNK UNK with this situation, Postmaster Charles F& UNK of Montpelier went with Fogg on a Burlington trip, and together they UNK the terrain on the heights of Berlin. A long flat known as the St& John field seemed to answer their purpose, and since the Winooski bridges were at last UNK they decided to use it. With a wary eye on the farmer's UNK Fred UNK of Montpelier and Mr& St& John marked the field with a red table cloth. As a wind direction indicator, they tied a cotton rag to a UNK With these UNK and a pair of UNK substituting for wheels on the UNK Bob Fogg made the first landing on what is now part of the UNK Airport on November 21, 1927. Each trip saw the front cockpit filled higher with mail UNK During the second week of operations, Fogg received a telegram from the Post Office Department, asking him to "put on two airplanes and make two flights daily, plus one Sunday UNK Since Fogg's was a UNK UNK flying service, this meant that he would have to do both trips, flying alone 600 miles a day, under UNK temperature conditions. Over the weeks, America's first Star Route Air Mail settled into a routine pattern despite the UNK of weather and the lack of ground facilities and aids to UNK Each morning at five Fogg crawled out of bed to bundle into flying UNK over the furnace register of his home. UNK troubled by poor circulation in his feet, he experimented with various combinations of UNK and shoes before finally adopting UNK felt farmer's boots with his UNK flying boots pulled over them. A UNK leather flying suit, plus UNK UNK and UNK completed his attire for the rigors of the open cockpit. The UNK stock answer to UNK you UNK became "Yes, the first half hour is tough, but by then I'm so numb I don't notice it"! As daylight began to show through the UNK windows, Fogg would place a call to William A& Shaw at the U& S& UNK Station at UNK Vermont, for temperature and UNK UNK Shaw could also give the flyer a pretty good idea of area visibility by a visual check of the mountains to be seen from his station. UNK were judged by comparison with known mountain heights and cloud positions. Later on in the day Fogg could get a better weather picture from the Burlington UNK Bureau supervised by Frank E& UNK Out at the airport each morning, Fogg's skilled mechanic UNK UNK would have the Waco warmed up and running in the UNK UNK UNK get the engine oil flowing with an electric heater under a big canvas UNK UNK to show that UNK was dependable and here to UNK Bob Fogg always made a point of taking off each morning on the dot of seven, UNK rain, snow and UNK in true postal tradition. Concord learned to set its clocks by the UNK bark of the UNK exhaust UNK Sometimes the pilot had to turn back if fully blocked by fog, but UNK of his trips were completed. UNK radios were not yet available, and once in the air, Fogg flew his ship by UNK a good memory for landmarks as seen from above, and a capacity for dead UNK and quick UNK Often, threading through the UNK he was forced to fly close to the ground by a low ceiling, skimming above the Winooski or the White River along the line of the broken UNK When driving rain or mist UNK in one valley, Fogg would UNK up and over to reverse course and try another one, ranging from the UNK up to UNK in search of safe passage through the mountain passes. The dependable Wright engine was never stopped on these trips. It UNK over UNK UNK while Fogg exchanged mails with the armed messenger from Burlington at Fort Ethan Allen, and one from Montpelier and Barre at the St& John field. Sometimes, on a return trip, the UNK would "go UNK high over the UNK There he'd take a compass UNK figure his air speed, and deduce that in a certain number of minutes he'd be over the broad UNK of the Merrimack Valley where it would be safe to let down through the UNK and see the ground before it hit him. Bob Fogg didn't have today's advantages of Instrument UNK and UNK Control UNK systems. At the end of the calculated time he'd nose the Waco down through the cloud bank and hope to break through where some feature of the winter landscape would be UNK Usually back in Concord by UNK there was just time to get partially thawed out, UNK and grab a bit of Mrs& Fogg's hot UNK before starting the second trip. Day after day Fogg UNK back and forth on his one-man air mail UNK until the farmers in their UNK UNK and the road UNK came to recognize the UNK plane as their link with the rest of the country. The flyer had his share of UNK At Fort Ethan Allen the ever-present wind off Lake Champlain could readily UNK a UNK man-made thing like an airplane if the pilot UNK Once the soldiers from the UNK had to hold the ship from blowing away while Fogg UNK the engine and got the tail up. At a nod of his head they let go, turning to cup their ears against the icy UNK UNK in the snow showed the plane was airborne in less than a hundred feet. One afternoon during a cold, UNK UNK Fogg took off for Concord from the St& John field. UNK you retiring now? If so, are you saying, "Where did the last few years go? How did I get to be sixty-five so UNK What do I do now"? Yes, retirement seems to creep upon you suddenly. Somehow we UNK never figured we would ever UNK We always thought we would die with our boots on. Out of the blue comes talk of pension plans. UNK retirement at sixty-five UNK on our horizon. Still, it seems in the far future. UNK one day, up it UNK UNK years and you've had it! So, now what? UNK UNK You've thought about it before in a UNK sort of way. UNK It never seemed UNK never seemed as if it could happen to UNK only to the other UNK UNK Here it UNK How am I going to UNK What am I going to do? Where do I go from here? A great many retired people are the so-called white collar workers. Are you one of UNK If so, you are of the old school. You are conscientious, hard working, honest, UNK a good UNK and a UNK for a job well done, with no loose ends. Everything must balance to the last UNK Also you can spell, without consulting a dictionary for every other word. You never are late for work and seldom absent. ## UNK you can take no special credit for UNK It is the way you were taught and your way of life. All this is standard equipment for a man of your UNK your stock in UNK your UNK However, the last few years of your life, things seem to be UNK Your way doesn't seem to be so UNK important any more. You realize you are getting in the old UNK class. To put it UNK you are getting UNK What's UNK The answer is a new era. Now, looming on the horizon are such things as estimated UNK calculated risks and UNK machines. The Planning Dept& comes into existence. All sorts of plans come to life. This is followed by a boom in conferences. Yes UNK Conferences become very popular. When a plan burst its UNK hasty conferences supply the necessary UNK and life goes UNK on. That's called UNK The new way of UNK Let's face it! You had your day and it was a good day. Let this generation have theirs. Time marches UNK Well, to get back to the problem of retirement. Every retiring person has a different situation facing him. Some have plenty of UNK some have very little money. Some are blest with an abundance of good health- some are in poor health and many are UNK Some have lovely UNK some live in small apartments. Some have beautiful UNK some not even a blade of grass. Some have serenity of mind, the ability to accept what they have, and make the most of it (a wonderful gift to have, believe UNK some see only darkness, the bitter side of everything. Well, whatever you have, that's it! You've got to learn to live with it. UNK The question is "How are you going to live with it"? ## UNK can sit back and UNK and UNK your UNK UNK You can do this. But, if you do, your life will be just one thing- UNK complete and UNK It seems to me, the first thing you've got to do, to be happy, is to face up to your problems, no matter what they may be. Make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life. One thing, I am sure of, you must get an interest in life. You've got to do something. Many of you will say, "Well, what can I do"? UNK UNK There are many, many things to do. UNK out what you like to do most and really give it a UNK If you can't think of a thing to do, try UNK anything. Maybe you will surprise yourself. UNK We are not all great artists. I, UNK can't draw a straight line. Maybe you are not that gifted either, but how about UNK around with the old UNK You may UNK yourself and acquire a real knack for it. UNK I'll bet you have a lot of fun. Do you like to UNK Does making your own clothes or even doll clothes, interest you? Do you love to run up a UNK UNK on UNK make neat UNK If you do, go to it. There is always a market for this line of work. Some women can sit and UNK UNK UNK or knit by the hour, and look calm and relaxed and turn out beautiful work. Where sewing is concerned, I'm a total loss. When you see a needle in my hands you will know the family buttons have fallen off and I have to UNK them back on, or get out the safety UNK Then again, there's always that lovely old pastime of UNK or UNK UNK Not for me, but perhaps just the thing for you. UNK UNK about mosaic tile, UNK or similar arts and UNK Some people love to crack tile and it's amazing what beautiful designs they come up with as a result of their cracking good time. How about the art of UNK Do you UNK to make UNK and UNK or special cookies and UNK There is always an open market for this sort of UNK in spite of low UNK UNK cottage cheese and UNK to the contrary. Some people can UNK most anything out of a piece of wood. Some make beautiful chairs, UNK chests, doll houses, etc&. Perhaps you couldn't do that but have you ever tried to see what you could do with a UNK of UNK Outside of cutting your fingers, maybe you would come up with nothing at all, but then again, you might turn out some UNK little UNK Some women get a real thrill out of UNK They love to dust, UNK UNK wax floors, move the furniture around from place to place, take down the UNK put up new ones and have themselves a real ball. Maybe that's your UNK It certainly isn't mine. I can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure that's where it UNK ## UNK you would like to become a UNK This gives you a wide and varied choice. Will it be short stories, fiction, UNK UNK poetry, children's stories, or even a book if you are really UNK Ever since I was a child, I have always had a UNK to try my hand at writing. If you do decide to write, you will soon become acquainted with rejection slips and UNK Don't be UNK This is just being a normal writer. Just let the rejection slips fall where they may, and keep on UNK and finally you will make the grade. Few new writers have their first story accepted, so they tell me. But, it could happen, and it may happen to you. Then there's always UNK collecting UNK coins, UNK salt and pepper UNK elephants, dogs, UNK UNK or shall we just say collecting anything your heart UNK I can hear some of you folks UNK You say, "But it costs a lot of money to have a UNK I haven't got that kind of money". UNK It does cost a lot of money for most UNK but there are UNK that are for free. How about a rock collection, or a collection of leaves from different trees or UNK and in different UNK Then, take flowers. They are many and varied. Also, there's scrap books, collecting newspaper pictures and UNK or any items of interest to you. It's getting interested in something that counts. ## UNK for me, I am holding in reserve two huge UNK (I love UNK to put together when time hangs heavy on my hands. So far, the covers have never been off the UNK I just don't have time to do half the things I want to do now. So in UNK fellow retired members, I advise you to make the most of each day, enjoy each one to the UNK degree. UNK if you can. Keep occupied to the point you are not bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be UNK UNK Good UNK To one and all- Good Days UNK UNK important criterion of maturity is creativity. The mature person is UNK What does it mean to be UNK a term we hear with increasing frequency these UNK When we turn to UNK Webster we find him helpful as usual. "To be creative is to have the ability to cause to UNK to produce where nothing was before- to bring forth an original production of human intelligence or UNK We are UNK it seems, when we produce something which has not previously existed. Thus creativity may run all the way from making a UNK building a chicken UNK or producing a book, to founding a business, creating a League of Nations or, developing a mature character. All living creatures from the lowest form of insect or animal life evidence the power of UNK if it is only to reproduce a form like their own. While man shares this UNK function with all his predecessors in the evolutionary process, he is the only animal with a true UNK and conscious creative ability. An UNK bird or insect creates either a UNK or nest or UNK in unending UNK according to UNK Man's great superiority over these evolutionary UNK is in the development of his imagination. This gives him the power to form in his mind new image combinations of old UNK ideas and experiences and to project them outside of himself into his environment in new and ever-changing forms. ## UNK has been truly said that anything man can imagine he can produce or create by projecting this inner image into its counterpart in the objective world. In our own time we have seen the most fantastic imagery of a UNK UNK come into UNK The vision of a Lord UNK expressed in a poem 100 years ago took visible form over London in the air UNK of UNK In fact all of our civilized world is the resultant of man's projection of his imagination over the past 60 centuries or more. It is in this one UNK at least, that man seems to be made in the image of his Creator. Not only can man project his imagination out into his environment in concrete forms, but even more importantly, he can turn it inward to help create new and better forms of himself. We recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes, UNK dancers, musicians and artists, developing many UNK We know that actors can learn to portray a wide variety of character roles. By this same combination of the will and the imagination, each one of us can learn to portray permanently the kind of character we would like to be. We must realize with Prof& Charles Morris in his THE OPEN UNK that UNK is the being that can continually UNK himself, the UNK that is himself the material for his own UNK ## UNK far in history man has been too greatly UNK with projecting things into his environment rather than first creating the sort of person who can make the highest use of the things he has created. Is not the present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy. Is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing UNK Sir Julian Huxley in his book UNK OF MAN makes the novel point that just as man is unique in being the only animal which requires a long period of infancy and childhood under family protection, so is he the only animal who has a long period after the decline of his UNK SOME recent writings assume that the ignorant young couples are a thing of the remote, Victorian past; that nowadays all UNK are thoroughly familiar with the best UNK and know enough from talk with friends and personal experimentation to take all the anxiety and hazards out of the situation. UNK but extensive discussions with contemporary UNK family doctors and UNK indicate that this is still an area of enormous UNK UNK and talking may be freer and UNK but the important factual information is still lacking for far too many UNK men and women. Various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercourse a good rather than a bad memory for one or both. UNK must be highly assured both in time and place. That is, locking the room or UNK door gives UNK of location, but it is equally important to be sure there is time enough for an utterly UNK fulfillment. If the wedding party lasted late, and the travel schedule means there are only a few hours before resuming the trip or making an early start, the husband may forestall tensions and uncertainties by UNK to his bride that lying in each other's arms will be UNK enough for these few hours. The consummation should come at the next stopping place when they have a long private time UNK or UNK for that purpose. ## First intercourse for the bride brings with it the various problems connected with UNK and the UNK UNK thing should be clear to both husband and wife- neither pain nor UNK bleeding has to occur when the hymen is UNK during the first sex act. UNK on this point has caused a great deal of needless anxiety, misunderstanding and UNK The hymen is, in UNK a fragile membrane that more or less completely covers the entrance to the vagina in most female human beings who have not had sex relations. UNK in fact, is the Greek word for UNK Often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first attempt at intercourse. As might be expected, girls in this situation UNK very little and perhaps not at all in the process of losing their UNK It is also important to realize that many girls are born without a hymen or at most only a tiny trace of UNK so that <the absence of the hymen is by no means positive proof that a girl has had sex UNK But there is a basis in fact for the UNK of the UNK beliefs. Some UNK are so strongly developed that they cannot be torn without considerable pain to the girl and marked loss of blood. More UNK the hymen is so sturdy that it does not yield to penetration. UNK cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be UNK These cases, for all their UNK are so dramatic that friends and relations repeat the story until the general population may get an entirely false notion of how often the hymen is a serious problem to UNK ## In recent times, when sexual matters began to be discussed more scientifically and more openly, the emotional aspects of UNK received considerable attention. Obviously, the UNK pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation. Is it necessary to add to the other tensions the hazard of making the loving husband the one who brought pain to his UNK UNK and marriage manuals began to advise that the bride should consult a physician before marriage. If he UNK any problem because of the quality of the UNK it was recommended that simple procedures be undertaken at once to UNK the hymen or, UNK to UNK UNK As a natural UNK of this approach it was often suggested that the doctor should complete the preparation for UNK intercourse by UNK the UNK This recommendation was based on the fact that the hymen was not the only barrier to smooth consummation of the sex act. The vagina is an organ capable of remarkable contraction and UNK This is obvious when it is remembered that, during UNK the vagina must UNK enough to permit the passage of the baby. The intricate system of muscles that manage the contraction and UNK of the vagina are partly under voluntary control. But an UNK UNK may work against the conscious intention of the woman. That is, when first penetration takes place, the pressure and pain signals may UNK cause all the vaginal muscles to contract in an effort to bar the UNK and prevent further pain. ## The advantages of UNK by the physician are both physical and UNK Since it is a purely professional situation, none of the pain is associated with UNK or the UNK By using instruments of gradually increasing size, the vagina is gently, and with minimum pain at each stage, taught to yield to an object of the appropriate shape. In this process the vaginal muscles come under better conscious control by the girl. She learns how to relax them to UNK instead of UNK them to UNK the entering object. Apart from the standard problem of controlling the vaginal muscles, other serious barriers may exist that need special UNK treatment. It is far better to have such conditions treated in advance than to have them show up on the honeymoon where they can create a really serious situation. When no medical problems exist, the newly married couple generally prefer to cope with the adjustments of their new relationship by themselves. Special information and guidance about the possible difficulties are still of great value. UNK superstition and remembered passages from erotic literature can create physical and emotional problems if blindly taken as scientific facts and useful UNK ## <The importance of loving UNK is obvious. The long, UNK approach and the deliberate UNK of UNK work on several levels. Under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina UNK and UNK and the local moisture greatly increases, providing an excellent UNK to help achieve an easier UNK Extensive observations by physicians during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the anterior wall (the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her UNK may cause a great deal of distress in a UNK UNK during the same UNK <two> fingers may be inserted along the posterior wall (the bottom of the vagina in the same UNK without any UNK and in fact without any difficulty <if the pressure is kept downward at all UNK These regional differences of sensitivity to pain may be of crucial significance during the earliest intercourse. The husband and wife should start with this anatomical information clearly in mind. They may then adjust their positions and movements to avoid too much pressure on the UNK and the anterior wall of the UNK at least until repeated intercourse has UNK it and pain is no longer a possible threat against the full pleasure of UNK In fact, the technical procedure in medical examinations may be wisely adapted to his romantic purposes by the husband during the honeymoon. UNK talk often stresses the idea that a man is doing the girl a favor if he is forceful and ruthless during the first penetration. The false reasoning is that a gradual advance UNK the pain while a swift powerful act gets it over with and leaves the girl pleased with his UNK and grateful for his UNK in settling the problem once and for all. UNK talk is seriously in error. UNK at this time can be a very severe shock to the bride, both physically and UNK The UNK forceful penetration may tear and UNK the vaginal walls as well as do excessive damage to the UNK <The pain and distress associated with the performance may easily give the wife a UNK dread of marital relations and cause her, unconsciously, to make the sex act unpleasant and difficult for both by exercising her vaginal muscles to UNK his penetration instead of relaxing them to facilitate UNK ## UNK attention must also be given to the husband's problems in the honeymoon situation. The necessity for keeping alert to his bride's hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous desire. The emotional stimulation may be so great that he may experience a premature climax. This is a very common experience and should in no way discourage or UNK either husband or wife. Or the frequent need to check and discipline himself to the UNK pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period. The signals to proceed may therefore come when he is UNK not able to take advantage of them. The best course is to recover his physical excitement by a change of pace that makes him ardent again. This may require imagination and reminding himself that now he can be demanding and UNK He can take security from the fact that the progress he has made by his gentle approach will not be lost. Now while he uses talk, caresses or requires caresses from her, his bride will sympathetically understand the situation and eagerly help him restore his physical situation so they can have the consummation they both so eagerly desire. A final word. The accumulated information on this point shows that first UNK even when it is achieved with minimum pain or difficulty, is seldom an overwhelming sexual experience to a woman. Too many new things are happening for it to be a complete erotic fulfillment. Only under rare circumstances would a bride experience an UNK during her first intercourse. Both man and wife should be aware of the fact that a lack of UNK and even the absence of the anticipated keen pleasure are not a sign that the wife may be cold or UNK If the early approaches are UNK understanding and patient, the satisfactions of marital fulfillment will probably be discovered before the marriage is much UNK UNK in a large volume on the nude in painting and UNK titled <The UNK A Study in UNK UNK Kenneth Clark UNK "**h The human body, as a nucleus, is rich in UNK **h It is ourselves and UNK memories of all the things we wish to do with UNK Perhaps this is a clue to the amazing variety and power of reactions, attitudes, and emotions precipitated by the nude form. The wide UNK of reactions is clearly illustrated in the UNK studies in human UNK UNK were related to social, economic, and educational UNK Whereas persons of eighth grade education or less were more apt to avoid or be shocked by UNK those educated beyond the eighth grade increasingly welcomed and approved UNK in sexual relations. Such understanding helps to explain why one UNK celebrating thirty-five years of married life could declare with some pride that her husband had "never seen her entirely UNK while another woman, boasting an equal number of years of married life, is proud of having UNK the UNK way of life- the really free, natural nude life- for most of that UNK UNK at UNK always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reactions. The indignant UNK sees the nude or UNK human form as UNK and UNK a threat and UNK to all the young, or good, or religious, or moral persons. The equally ardent UNK of freedom from any kind of UNK may find the nude human form the UNK honest, free expression of man's spirit and the UNK of beauty and UNK One is always a little surprised to bump into such individual distinctions when it is UNK I still recall the mild shock I experienced in reading material of an enthusiastic advocate of the UNK UNK free way of natural life in UNK who seemed to brave much misunderstanding and persecution in fine spirit. @ IN UNK and in poetry, the marriage bed is a place of unity and UNK The partners each bring to it UNK love, and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy. At its most UNK moments, husband and wife are elevated far above worldly UNK Everything else is closed away. This is the ideal. But marriage experts say that such mutual contribution and mutual joy are seldom achieved. Instead one partner or the other dominates the sexual relationship. In the past, it has been the husband who has been dominant and the wife UNK But today there are signs that these roles are being UNK In a growing number of American homes, marriage counselors report, the wife is taking a commanding role in sexual relationships. It is she who decides the time, the place, the surroundings, and the frequency of the sexual act. It is she who says UNK or UNK to the intimate questions of sexual technique and UNK not the husband. The whole act is tailored to UNK pleasure, and not to UNK Beyond a certain point, of course, no woman can be UNK nature has seen to that. But there is little doubt that in many marriages the wife is boss of the marital bed. Of course, there remain many UNK marriages in which the husband maintains his UNK Yet even in these marriages, psychologists say, wives are asserting themselves more UNK The UNK most submissive wife of today is a tiger by her mother's or grandmother's standards. To many UNK this trend was inevitable. They consider it simply a sign of our times. Our society has UNK the woman, giving her new independence and new authority. It is only natural that she assert herself in the sexual role. "The sexual relationship does not exist in a UNK declares Dr& Mary Steichen UNK medical director of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and author of the recent book, UNK From UNK UNK "It reflects what is going on in other areas of the marriage and in society itself. A world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more UNK UNK Yet many psychologists and marriage counselors agree that domination of the sex relationship by one partner or the other can be unhealthy and even UNK It can, in fact, UNK a marriage. When a husband is sexually selfish and UNK of his wife's UNK she is UNK of the fulfillment and pleasure nature intended for her. And she begins to regard him as UNK UNK and UNK On the other hand, UNK supremacy UNK the husband, UNK his UNK and UNK him of his UNK He is a target of ridicule to his wife, and UNK since private affairs rarely remain UNK to the outside world as well. "A marriage can survive almost any kind of stress except an open and direct challenge to the husband's UNK declares Dr& UNK This opinion is supported by one of the nation's leading UNK Dr& Maurice E& Linden, director of the UNK Health Division of the Philadelphia Department of Public UNK "When the roles of husband and wife are reversed, so that the wife becomes leader and the husband UNK Dr& Linden says, "the effects on their whole relationship, sexual and otherwise, can be UNK ## IN ONE UNK case, cited by a Pittsburgh UNK an office worker's wife refused to have sexual relations with her husband unless he bought her the UNK she demanded. To win her UNK her husband first took an additional job, then desperately began to UNK from his UNK UNK at last, he was sentenced to prison. While he was in UNK his wife UNK him. More typical is the case of a suburban Long Island housewife described by a marriage UNK This woman repeatedly complained she was "too UNK for marital relations. To please her, her husband assumed some of the domestic UNK Finally, he was cooking, washing dishes, bathing the children, and even UNK and still his wife refused to have relations as often as he desired them. One wife, described by a New York UNK so dominated her husband that she actually placed their sexual relationship on a schedule, writing it down right between the weekly UNK meetings and the UNK neighborhood card parties. Another put sex on a UNK basis. After every money argument, she UNK her husband's UNK until the matter was settled in her favor. Experts say the partners in marriages like these can almost be UNK The wife is likely to be young, sophisticated, smart as a UNK often a girl who has UNK a promising career for marriage. She knows the power of the sex urge and how to use it to manipulate her husband. The husband is usually a well-educated professional, preoccupied with his job- often an organization man whose UNK for getting ahead is: "Don't rock the UNK Sometimes this leads to his becoming UNK dominant in marriage. UNK in on the job and unable to assert himself, he uses the sex act so he can be supreme in at least one area. More often, though, he is so accustomed to submitting to authority on the job without argument that he lives by the same rule at home. Some psychologists, in fact, suggest that UNK husbands often are more to blame for UNK marriages than their UNK The wife's attempt at control, these psychologists UNK is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job. Naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual UNK Unless her husband also desires sex, the act cannot be UNK Generally, however, in such marriages as those cited, the husband is at his wife's UNK "The UNK says Dr& Morton UNK psychologist at New York's Lincoln Institute for UNK "is for the husband to hover about anxiously and UNK virtually trembling in his hope that she will flash him the signal that tonight is the UNK No one seriously UNK of course, that the UNK wife is, sexually speaking, a new character in our world. After all, the UNK husband with his UNK wife is a comic figure of long UNK in literature and on the stage, as Dr& Schillinger points out. There is no evidence that these UNK became suddenly UNK when they crossed the UNK of the master bedroom. ## UNK Dr& Calderone says, a certain number of UNK retiring men always have been around. They aren't UNK and they aren't UNK they're just restrained in all of life. They UNK to be dominated. One such man once confided to Dr& UNK UNK New York UNK that he preferred to have his wife the sexual UNK Asked why, he replied UNK UNK that's no activity for a UNK But such cases were, in the past, UNK Society here and abroad has been built around the UNK UNK even the Bible appears to endorse the concept. Family survival on our own Western UNK for example, could quite literally depend on a man's strength and ability to bring home the UNK and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything, including the marriage bed. This carried over into the more UNK late 19th and early 20th centuries, when the man ruled the UNK in the best UNK <Life With UNK manner. In those days, a wife had mighty few rights in the domestic sphere and even fewer in the sexual sphere. UNK wasn't expected to like it", Dr& UNK UNK the late UNK UNK once summed up the attitude of the UNK UNK of the period UNK thought of themselves as UNK by their UNK and, history indicates, they often quite literally were. When was the turning UNK When did women begin to assert themselves UNK ## SOME UNK IT from woman UNK others from when women first began to challenge men in the UNK still others from the era of the UNK UNK and UNK gin. UNK everyone agrees, however, that the trend toward female sexual aggressiveness was tremendously accelerated with the postwar rush to the suburbs. UNK alone while her husband was miles away in the city, the modern wife assumed more and more duties normally reserved for the male. UNK gave her almost UNK sway over UNK UNK and home maintenance. She found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too UNK She liked this taste of authority and independence, and, with darkness, was not likely to give it up. "Very few UNK says Dr& UNK "who balance the UNK fix the car, choose where the family will live and deal with the UNK are suddenly going to become submissive where sex is concerned. A woman who dominates other family affairs will dominate the sexual relationship as well". And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually UNK the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response. UNK manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax. They began to describe in detail the woman's capacity for response. In fact, the noted psychologist and sex UNK Dr& Albert Ellis, has declared flatly that women are UNK UNK to men. According to Dr& Ellis, the average UNK American woman is capable of far greater sexual UNK than her partner. Not surprisingly, Dr& Ellis says, some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities. Yet, paradoxically, according to Dr& Maurice Linden, many wives despise their husbands for not standing up to them. An aggressive woman wants a man to demand, not UNK under. "When the husband becomes passive in the face of his wife's UNK Dr& Linden says, "the wife, in turn, finds him inadequate. Often she fails to gain sexual UNK One such wife, Dr& Linden says, became disgusted with her weak husband and UNK through a series of UNK affairs in the hope of finding a stronger man. But her personality was such that each affair lasted only until that lover, too, had been conquered and reduced to UNK Then the wife UNK to the next on the list. In some cases, however, domination of the sex act by one partner can be UNK triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need. Thus a man who is UNK a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in UNK the one place he can still be UNK If his on-the-job problems work out, he may return to his old pattern. Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man- or his wife- because he or she feels age creeping up. On the other hand, a husband who always has been vigorous and UNK may suddenly become UNK asking, psychologists say, for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable. Or a wife may make sudden demands that she be UNK flattered or UNK simply because she needs her ego UNK In any case, Dr& Calderone remarks, such problems are a UNK own affair, and can't always be measured by a general UNK "As long as the couple is in agreement in their approach to sex, it makes little difference if one or the other UNK Dr& Calderone UNK "The important point is that both be satisfied with the UNK Other experts say, however, that if sexual domination by one or the other partner exists for longer than a brief period, it is likely to shake the marriage. And just as domination today often begins with the wife, so the cure generally must lie with the husband. "To get a marriage back where it UNK comments Dr& Schillinger of the Lincoln Institute, "the husband must take some very basic steps. He must begin, paradoxically, by becoming more UNK He must become more expressive of his own UNK more demanding and less UNK Too many UNK Dr& Schillinger continues, worry about "how well they're UNK and fear that their success depends on some trick or technique of sexual play. ## UNK UNK UNK a title **h Lady UNK UNK The New York UNK gave her another **h the Golden Girl of cafe society. Houston police gave her a third, less UNK title **h prostitute. And Houston police have the final say in the matter since she died there on September 20, 1960, UNK Harris Graham, 30, UNK UNK UNK Early in her life she had discovered that where there were men, there was money, and with the two came luxury and liquor. She was still in the play for pay business when she died, a top UNK who had given the world's oldest profession one of its rare flashes of UNK She never UNK the fact that she liked to play. Her neighbors in the expensive Houston apartment building told reporters that the UNK beauty had talked at times about her past as "the Golden Girl of the Mickey Jelke UNK It was the trial of UNK heir UNK UNK Jelke for compulsory prostitution in New York that put the spotlight on the international UNK UNK later served 21 months when he was found guilty of UNK a ring of high-priced call UNK Diane was needed as a material witness in the case and New York police searched three continents before they found her in their own back UNK in a UNK hotel, of course. She had been moving in cafe society as Lady UNK UNK a name that made some of the gossip columns. It was when she was seized as a material witness that she got the designation she liked best. UNK in mink and diamonds, she listened to Assistant District Attorney Anthony UNK describe her to the UNK UNK "This girl is the Golden Girl of cafe society. "In 1951 she was a UNK in New York County. In the spring and early summer of that year she met a wealthy foreign UNK who took her to France, where she later met a very wealthy man and UNK all Europe with him. "At UNK she met an Egyptian by the name of Pulley UNK He was the official procurer for King UNK now in UNK She was in Egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty. She UNK in order to get it. "We have checked her in different parts of Europe and Egypt and finally back into this country **h She has been acting as a prostitute. "Our information is that she gave the proceeds of her acts to UNK Diane UNK denied this to the court. "That's a UNK I never gave that boy a cent. I am not a UNK and I had only one very wealthy boy UNK she said. During the course of the trial, Jelke backed up part of that statement. UNK is the type of UNK Jelke said, "who wouldn't get UNK even on her wedding UNK unless you piled up all your money in the middle of the UNK But she seemed to have UNK the number of her UNK UNK She came to New York from Detroit as a UNK but with a UNK instead of a UNK As she told it, "He's a rich boy friend, an old guy about UNK She was Mary Lou UNK then, UNK but not naive. She had talked her UNK UNK into sending her to New York to take a screen test. The screen test was never UNK but Diane was. She quickly moved into cafe society, possibly UNK her conscience by talking constantly of her desire to be in show business. She seemed so anxious to go on the stage that some of her friends in the cocktail circuit set up a practical UNK An UNK was introduced to her in a bar as "Mr& UNK the famous UNK The phony producer asked her if she would like to be in one of his shows. "I'd love to UNK for you", she UNK The UNK was held a few minutes later in somebody's apartment. She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance. After a few minutes he said, "I can't use you if you dance like that. I'd like to see you dance UNK She hastily UNK Diane loved to dance in the UNK something she was to demonstrate time and again. She developed another quaint UNK Even among the fast set in which she was moving, her method for keeping an escort from departing too early was unique. When the date would try to bid her UNK at the door, she would tell him, "If you go home now, I'll UNK More often than not he would bow to the inevitable. One who needed no such threats was a French UNK One of the UNK UNK that he satisfied was for UNK She wanted to go around the world, but she settled for a French UNK In an anonymous interview with a French newspaper the UNK told of spending several months with her. "Then she went to UNK where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of UNK The Greek evidently fell for her, "Monsieur UNK UNK and to UNK what he thought was an affair in the making he gave her 100,000 UNK (about UNK and led her to the UNK tables. She could do no wrong at the tables that time. And in short order the UNK had pushed several million UNK her way. UNK than most UNK she slipped away from the UNK packed her bag and took the night train to Paris. No one ever learned what happened to the Greek. The luxury of UNK most fashionable hotel, the George UNK bored the UNK UNK so she UNK it to Rome. She UNK up with another beauty, whose name has been lost to history, and commenced with some UNK that would have made Nero UNK To climax her Roman UNK she was thrown out of the UNK Hotel UNK after she had run naked through its marble UNK screaming for help. It was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night. UNK Italian police described it in a manner typically UNK "There had been a threesome at the party in the UNK UNK Miss UNK (this was Diane's choice for a Roman UNK another woman who has figured in other very interesting events and one of your well-known American UNK "The actor had had much to drink and apparently became very violent. The hotel staff, as well as residents of the UNK told us they saw that both ladies were bleeding from scratches as they were seen fleeing down the hall. "They were wearing nothing but their UNK They were asked to leave the hotel. No charges were UNK The girls, after UNK were UNK "You can't do this to us", Diane UNK "We are UNK In the morning she found rooms directly across from the UNK at the equally luxurious Hotel UNK With the Ambassador as headquarters, she continued to promote good will abroad. Of course, her benevolence was limited to those who could afford it, but then there is a limit to what one person can do. By this time Diane was a UNK UNK of 19 and still seeking her place in the world. She thought royal status might come her way when, while she was still in Rome, she met Pulley UNK a personal procurer to King Farouk of UNK A close friend of UNK in the Roman days described it this way: "It was a strange relationship. Pulley UNK spoke no English. Diane spoke no Italian or French. She had a hard time making him understand that it was Farouk she wished to meet. UNK UNK insisted that she UNK her favors on him", the friend continued. It seemed as though she were always UNK No believer in the traditional devotion of royal UNK the UNK Pulley broke the language barrier and lured her to Cairo where she waited for nine months, UNK hoping to see UNK Pulley had set her up at the UNK Hotel, but she grew impatient waiting for a royal reception and moved to a luxurious apartment to which the royal UNK had no key. She picked her own UNK friends from the flock of ardent Egyptians that UNK around her. UNK UNK UNK UNK and numerous other wealthy members of Cairo society enjoyed her company. "So extensive became her circle of UNK Egyptian police said, "that her UNK caused UNK The roof was about ready to fall in on Diane's little world, but it took nothing less than the Egyptian revolution to bring it down. When Farouk was UNK police picked up his personal UNK Pulley UNK They also called upon Diane with a request for a look at her UNK The UNK Pulley UNK who spoke no English, had taken the passport so that Diane couldn't leave the country without his approval. Officials provided a temporary UNK good only for return to the United States. And return to the United States she did, into waiting arms- the UNK ones of the New York District UNK office. Held as a material witness in the compulsory prostitution trial of Mickey UNK the UNK UNK was unable to raise bail and was committed to the Women's House of UNK a terribly UNK prison. It is a tribute to her talents that she was able to talk the District Attorney into having her removed from the prison to a hotel room, with her meals taken at UNK an excellent Italian UNK UNK at the time noted that the move indicated that she was UNK with the District UNK With the end of the trial Diane disappeared from New York **h it was no longer fashionable to be seen with fabulous "Lady UNK Several years ago she married a Houston business man, Robert UNK She later UNK Graham, who is believed to have moved to UNK Houston police got to know Diane two years ago when the vice squad picked her up for questioning about a call girl UNK Last May, they said, she admitted being a prostitute. The next time the police saw her she was dead. It was September 20, 1960, in a lavishly decorated apartment UNK with liquor UNK She had had a party with a regular UNK Dr& William W& UNK McClellan, who had once lost his medical license temporarily on a charge of drug UNK was with her when she died. He had been in the apartment two days and was UNK about what had happened during that time. When he realized she was dead, he called two lawyers and then the police. When the police arrived, they found McClellan and the two lawyers sitting and staring UNK The UNK nude body was in bed, a green sheet and a pink blanket covered her. Pictures of her in more glamorous days were on the walls. An UNK disclosed a large amount of UNK in Diane's body. Police UNK that a combination of UNK drink and drugs killed her. "I think that maybe she wanted it this UNK a vice squad UNK said. "A maid told us that she still UNK about getting $50 a date. She was on the UNK and they slide fast when that happens. At least she never knew what the bottom was UNK I UNK a carpet UNK I work for one of the biggest chains of retail carpet houses in the East. We cater mostly to nice people in the UNK annual income UNK and we run a string of UNK UNK UNK suburban UNK I am selling the stuff of which is made one of the Great American UNK UNK UNK There is only one trouble with this big, beautiful dream. From where I sit it looks more like a UNK People come to me with confidence. They depend on my supposedly expert knowledge of a trade of which they themselves know little. But I knowingly abuse their confidence. UNK D& Lee proved a man of prompt action when Mrs& Claire UNK accompanied by a friend, visited him in UNK California, several months ago as a prospective patient. UNK Lee asked her to lie down on a bed and remove her shoes. Then, by UNK her foot three times, he came up- UNK with a different diagnosis with each UNK She had- he informed her- kidney trouble, liver trouble, and a severe female UNK (He explained that he could diagnose these ailments from UNK her foot because all of the nervous system was connected to UNK He knew just the thing for her- a treatment from his UNK light ozone UNK machine. As he applied the UNK extending from the UNK which consisted of seven differently colored neon tubes superimposed on a rectangular UNK to the supposedly UNK portions of Mrs& UNK body, Lee kept up a steady stream of UNK UNK Yes, the ozone from his machine would cure practically everything, he assured her. Did she know, he asked, why the colors of the tubes were important to people's UNK The human UNK he pointed out, for example- required 33 units of blue light. For that reason, he informed her, the Lord made the sky blue. Continuing glibly in this vein, he paused to comfort UNK "Don't you worry. This machine will cure your UNK UNK UNK Mrs& Shaefer practically UNK "You didn't tell me I had UNK "You have it, all right. But as long as you can have treatment from my machine you have nothing to worry about. Why, I once used this machine to cure a woman with 97 pounds of cancer in her UNK He urged her to buy one of his UNK for UNK When she said that she didn't have the money, he said that she could come in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one. He then sold her minerals to cure her kidney UNK a can of UNK "to make her look like a girl again", and an application of plain mud to take her wrinkles away. Lee renewed his pressure on Mrs& Shaefer to buy his machine when she visited him the next day. After another treatment with the machine, he told her that "her entire body was shot through with tumors and UNK He then sold her some UNK that he asserted would take care of the tumors and UNK until she could collect the money for buying his machine. When she submitted to his treatment with the UNK Mrs& Shaefer felt intense pain. UNK Lee's office, Mrs& Shaefer hurried over to her family UNK who treated her for burned tissue. For several days, she was ill as a result of Lee's treatment. Mrs& Shaefer never got around to joining the thousand or so people who paid Lee some $30,000 for his ozone machines. For Mrs& UNK who had been given a clean bill of health by her own physician at the time she visited UNK and her friend were agents for the California UNK Food and Drug UNK Bureau. And she felt amply rewarded for her suffering when the evidence of Lee's quack UNK gathered by the tape recorder under her UNK clothing, proved adequate in court for UNK Franklin D& Lee. The UNK violation of the California Medical UNK Act by practicing medicine without a license and selling UNK drugs. The UNK 360 UNK confinement in the county UNK An isolated case of UNK By no means. Rather, it is typical of the thousands of quacks who use phony therapeutic devices to UNK themselves on the UNK of hundreds of thousands of Americans by UNK them of millions of dollars and UNK them away from UNK ethical medical treatment of serious diseases. The machine quack makes his UNK Goldberg devices out of odds and ends of metals, UNK and radio parts. With these UNK impressive to the UNK because of their flashing light UNK UNK and UNK he then carries out a vicious medical con game, UNK on people's respect for the electrical and atomic wonders of our scientific age. He UNK the latest scientific advances, UNK them into his own special Buck Rogers vocabulary to UNK his fake machines as a cure-all for everything from hay fever to sexual UNK and cancer. The gadget UNK operates or sells his phony machines for $5 to UNK anything the traffic will bear. He may call himself a UNK a UNK an UNK a UNK a UNK a medical UNK a UNK a UNK or what have you. Not only do these quacks assume impressive UNK but represent themselves as being associated with various scientific or impressive UNK foundations which often have little more than a UNK existence. The medical device UNK of today, of course, is a far more sophisticated operator than his predecessor of UNK the UNK UNK of snake oil and other patent UNK His UNK is therefore far higher- running into hundreds of UNK According to the Food and Drug Administration UNK UNK UNK Dr& Albert UNK and his UNK and Dr& UNK UNK to name three notorious device UNK UNK respectively, in distributing UNK UNK and 2000 fake health machines. Authorities believe that many of the Doctor UNK using these false health gadgets are still in business. Look at the sums paid by two device quack victims in UNK Sarah Gross, a dress shop UNK paid UNK to a UNK and Mr& A&, a laborer, paid UNK to a UNK for treatment with two fake health UNK the UNK and the UNK UNK these figures by the millions of people known to be UNK by medical UNK annually. You will come up with a frightening UNK That's why the UNK the American Medical Association UNK and the National Better Business Bureau UNK have estimated the toll of mechanical quackery to be a substantial portion of the UNK million or so paid to medical UNK annually. The Postmaster General recently reported that mail order UNK among which fake therapeutic devices figure UNK are at the highest level in history. Similarly, the American Cancer Society UNK the UNK and UNK Foundation, and the UNK have each stated lately that medical quackery is at a new high. For example, the UNK has reported it was receiving four times as many inquiries about quack devices and 10 times as many complaints compared with two years ago. Authorities hesitate to quote exact figures, however, believing that any sum they come up with is only a surface UNK turned up by their inevitably limited UNK of the real UNK of the medical UNK In this sense, authorities believe that all estimates of phony device quackery are conservative. The economic toll that the device quack extracts is important, of course. But it is our health- more precious than all the money in the world- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away. By UNK on the sick, by playing UNK on the hopes of the desperate, by causing the sufferer to delay proper medical care, these medical UNK create pain and misery by their very activity. Typically, Sarah Gross and Mr& ~A both lost more than their money as the result of their experiences with their Cleveland UNK Sarah Gross found that the treatments given her for a nervous UNK by the UNK were not helping her. As a result, she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack UNK was using were UNK She suffered a nervous breakdown and had to be UNK Mr& A&, her fellow UNK also experienced a nervous breakdown just as soon as he discovered that he had been UNK of his life savings by the limited UNK who had been treating his wife- a woman suffering from an UNK disease, multiple UNK and himself. Mr& ~A has UNK but he is, UNK a bitter man. "That's a lot of UNK money to UNK he says today. UNK me nor my wife were helped by that UNK UNK And there was the case of Tom UNK a UNK who was referred by a friend to a health machine quack who treated him with a so-called diagnostic machine for what Doctor UNK said was a system full of UNK and UNK After his pains got worse, Tom decided to see a real doctor, from whom he learned he was suffering from cancer of the UNK Yes, Tom caught it in time to stay alive. But he's a welfare case UNK a human UNK thanks to this modern witch UNK But the machine quack can cause far more than just UNK In such diseases as cancer, tuberculosis, and heart disease, early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with Doctor UNK cure-all gadget can prove fatal. Moreover, the UNK patient who relies on cure by the quack device and therefore cuts off his insulin intake can be committing suicide. For UNK In Chicago, some time ago, Mr& UNK age 27, a UNK since he was six, stopped using insulin because he had bought a UNK UNK a glass tube about the size of a pencil filled with UNK chloride worth a small fraction of a cent- sold by the UNK Company of Chicago for UNK as a UNK UNK this around your neck or attach it to other parts of your UNK and its rays will cure any disease you UNK said the company. Mr& H& is dead today because he followed this advice. UNK UNK suffering from tuberculosis, was taken by her husband to see Otis G& Carroll, a UNK a licensed UNK UNK in UNK Carroll UNK Mrs& UNK by taking a drop of blood from her ear and putting it on his UNK machine and UNK some UNK UNK UNK His UNK hot and cold compresses to increase her absorption of water. Although she weighed only 108 pounds when she visited him, Carroll permitted her to go on a UNK fast in which she took nothing but water. UNK Mrs& UNK died of UNK and tuberculosis, weighing 60 pounds. Moreover, her husband and child contracted UNK from her. UNK wonder a UNK jury awarded the husband UNK for his wife's UNK In California, a few years ago, a UNK by the name of H& F& Bell sold electric blankets as a cure for cancer. He did this by the charming practice of buying up used electric blankets for $5 to $10 from survivors of patients who had died, UNK them, and selling them at UNK each. When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license (he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of UNK one of his victims was not around to UNK He was dead of cancer. By no means are these isolated cases. UNK says Chief UNK Inspector David H& UNK who has prosecuted many device UNK "the UNK who trade on the hopes of the desperately ill often cannot be successfully prosecuted because the patients who are the chief witnesses die before the case is called up in UNK ## UNK Have no doubt about it. That's where device quackery can lead. The evidence shows that fake therapeutic machines, substituted for valid medical UNK have hastened the deaths of UNK Who are the victims of the device UNK Authorities say that UNK are a prime target. Says Wallace F& UNK director of the UNK Division of Public UNK UNK are apt to direct their appeal directly to older people, or to UNK from chronic ailments such as UNK UNK UNK and cancer. People who have not been able to get relief from regular medical doctors are especially apt to be taken in by UNK The victims of the quacks are frequently poor people, like Mr& A&, who UNK up their life savings to offer as a sacrifice to Doctor UNK UNK They are often ignorant as well as UNK UNK Richard Stewart had been irritable and UNK for almost a year. His grades had gone steadily UNK and he had stopped bringing friends and UNK home from school. Mr& and Mrs& Stewart were puzzled and concerned. Then one day UNK UNK UNK from next door, let the cat out of the bag. The youngsters in the boys' class had UNK Dick UNK UNK because his teeth UNK When UNK parents told him they wanted to take him to an UNK a dentist who UNK in UNK teeth and UNK their young son was UNK During the year that followed, Dick UNK UNK with the dentist and was delighted with the final result UNK an upper row of strong straight teeth that completely changed his UNK appearance. Richard Stewart is no special case. "The majority of children in the United States could benefit by some form of orthodontic UNK says Dr& Allan G& UNK professor and head of the department of UNK at the University of Illinois and a nationally recognized authority in his field. What do parents need to know about those UNK of the UNK in order not to waste a child's time and their UNK How can they tell whether a child needs orthodontic UNK Why and when should UNK be UNK What is it likely to UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK is the dentist's expression for the way teeth fit together when the jaws are closed. UNK or a bad fit, is what parents need to look out for. One main type of malocclusion is characterized by a receding chin and UNK upper front teeth. A chin too prominent in relation to the rest of the face, a thrusting forward of the lower front teeth, an UNK lower UNK and an underdeveloped upper jaw indicate the opposite type of UNK These two basic UNK have, of course, many variations. A child probably requires some form of treatment if he has any of the following conditions: _@_ A noticeable UNK of the upper or lower UNK _@_ UNK UNK UNK or widely spaced teeth. _@_ UNK teeth not meeting when the back teeth close. _@_ Upper teeth completely covering the UNK when the back teeth close. _@_ The UNK UNK from the middle on top, counting each front tooth as the UNK beginning to UNK like UNK _@_ Second teeth that have come in before the first ones have fallen out, making a double row. Contrary to the thinking of 30 to 40 years ago, when all malocclusion was blamed on some unfortunate UNK recent studies show that most tooth irregularity has at least its beginning in UNK UNK However, this does not mean that a child's teeth or jaws must necessarily resemble those of someone in his family. UNK UNK may be the result of UNK UNK or UNK UNK or UNK but it's important to remember that there's a difference between UNK and UNK sucking habits. It's perfectly normal for babies to suck their UNK and no mother need worry if a child continues this habit until he is two or three years old. Occasional sucking up to the fifth year may not affect a UNK UNK but after that, if UNK pressure is UNK it will have an effect. UNK can also result if baby teeth are lost too soon or retained too long. If a child loses a UNK at the age of two, the adjoining teeth may shift toward the empty space, thus UNK the place intended for the permanent ones and producing a UNK If baby teeth are retained too long, the incoming second teeth may be prevented from emerging at the normal time or may have to UNK in the wrong place. UNK UNK UNK UNK EVERY orthodontist sees children who are embarrassed by their malformed teeth. Some such youngsters rarely smile, or they try to speak with the mouth closed. In certain cases, as in Dick UNK a child's personality is affected. Yet from the dentist's point of view, UNK teeth should be corrected for physical reasons. UNK alignment may result in early loss of teeth through a breakdown of the bony structure that supports their UNK This serious condition, popularly known as UNK is one of the chief causes of tooth loss in adults. Then, too, UNK or UNK teeth are prone to UNK food particles, increasing the likelihood of rapid decay. "For these and other UNK says Dr& UNK UNK can UNK the life of UNK The failure of teeth to fit together when closed UNK with normal UNK so that a child may swallow food whole and put a burden on his UNK system. Because of these chewing UNK a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate UNK UNK placed teeth can also cause such a speech UNK as UNK #THE WHEN AND HOW OF UNK UNK orthodontic work is done on children between the ages of 10 and 14, though there have been patients as young as two and as old as UNK says Dr& Brodie. In the period from 10 to 14 the permanent set of teeth is usually completed, yet the continuing growth of bony tissue makes moving badly placed teeth comparatively easy. UNK work is possible because teeth are held firmly but not UNK by a system of UNK membrane with an involved nerve UNK to the bone in the UNK they are not anchored directly to the bone. UNK pressure, applied over a period of time, produces a change in the bony UNK so a tooth functions normally in the new position into which it has been UNK What can 10-year-old Susan expect when she enters the UNK UNK On her first visit the orthodontist will take ~X UNK UNK tooth measurements, and UNK UNK an impression of the mouth that permits him to study her teeth and UNK If he decides to UNK he will UNK for Susie an appliance consisting of UNK plastic plates, fine UNK and tiny UNK This appliance will exert a gentle and continuous or intermittent pressure on the bone. As the tooth moves, bone cells on the pressure side of it will UNK and new ones will form on the side from which the tooth has UNK This must be done at the rate at which new bony tissue UNK and no UNK "If teeth are moved too rapidly, serious injury can be done to their roots as well as to the surrounding bone holding them in UNK explains Dr& Brodie. UNK one or two teeth can affect the whole system, and an UNK plan of treatment can disrupt the growth pattern of a child's UNK During the first few days of wearing the appliance and immediately following each adjustment, Susan may have a slight discomfort or UNK but after a short time this will disappear. Parents are often concerned that orthodontic UNK may cause teeth to decay. When in place, a UNK band actually protects the part of the tooth that is covered. Next Susie will enter the treatment stage and visit the orthodontist once or twice a month, depending on the severity of her condition. During these visits the dentist will adjust the UNK to increase the pressure on her teeth. Last comes the UNK stage. UNK teeth have now been guided into a desirable new position. But because teeth sometimes may drift back to their original position, a retaining appliance is used to lock them in place. Usually this is a thin band of wire attached to the UNK and stretching across the teeth. Susie may wear this only at night or for a few hours during the day. Then comes the time when the last wire is removed and Susie walks out a UNK and more attractive girl than when she first went to the UNK How long will this UNK UNK one tooth that has come in wrong may take only a few months. UNK all the teeth may take a year or more. An added complication such as a malformed jaw may take two or three years to correct. #WHAT IS THE UNK THE charge for a complete UNK job differs in various parts of the country. Work that might cost $500 to UNK in the South could cost UNK to UNK in New York City or Chicago. An average national figure for two to three years of treatment would be UNK to UNK UNK in the cost of treatment are the length of time involved and the skill and education of the UNK says Dr& Brodie. To become an UNK a man must first be licensed by his state as a UNK then he must spend at least two years in additional training to acquire a license as a specialist. UNK may seem high, but they used to be even UNK says Dr& Brodie. UNK are about half to a third of what they were 25 years UNK The UNK People today are aware of the value of UNK and as a result there are more practitioners in the field. Most UNK require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the UNK but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years. In many cities in the United States UNK associated with dental schools will take patients at a nominal UNK Some municipal agencies will pay for orthodontic treatment for children of needy parents. UNK UNK UNK UNK studies have been carried on consistently by UNK Dr& Brodie has UNK records of head growth, started 20 minutes after children's UNK "In the past anyone who said that 90% of all malocclusion is UNK was UNK UNK now we know that family characteristics <do> affect tooth formation to a large UNK he says. UNK through our growth studies we have been able to see what nature does, and that helps us know what we can do". This knowledge both UNK and dictates diagnosis and treatment. For example, a boy may UNK a small jaw from one ancestor and large teeth from another. In the past an orthodontist might have tried, over four or five years, to straighten and fit the boy's large teeth into a jaw that, despite some growth, would never accommodate them. Now a dentist can recommend extraction immediately. In other cases, in view of present-day knowledge of head growth, UNK will recommend waiting four or five years before treatment. The child is kept on call, and the orthodontist watches the growth. UNK often takes care of the UNK says Dr& Brodie. "A child with a certain type of head and teeth will outgrow tooth UNK That is why Dr& Brodie asks parents not to insist, against their dentist's advice, that their child have orthodontic work done too UNK "Both because of our UNK stress on beauty and our improved economic conditions, some parents demand that the dentist try to correct a problem before it is wise to do so. Let the orthodontist decide the proper time to start UNK he UNK Superior new material for orthodontic work is another result of research. Plastics are easier to handle than the UNK rubber formerly used, and they save time and money. UNK of Paris, once utilized in making impressions of teeth, has been replaced by UNK UNK UNK that work quickly and accurately and with least discomfort to a child. UNK IS UNK AS a rule, the earlier general dental treatment is UNK the less expensive and more satisfactory it is likely to be. "After your child's baby teeth are all in- usually at the age of two and one half to UNK it's time for that first dental UNK Dr& Brodie UNK "Then see that your youngster has a routine UNK once a year". To help prevent orthodontic problems from UNK your dentist can do these things: _@_ He can correct UNK thus preventing early loss of teeth. If a child <does> lose his first teeth UNK because of UNK and if no preventive steps are UNK the other teeth may shift out of position, become UNK and UNK In turn the other teeth are likely to decay because food particles may become UNK in them. From time to time the medium mentions other people UNK him", who were "on the other UNK and reports what they are saying. After a while there come UNK and names, and he is interested to hear some rather unusual family UNK As the hour UNK the sensitive seems to probe more deeply and to make more personal and specific statements. There are a few UNK of coming events. ## UNK UNK another sitter, would produce a somewhat different content, but in general it would probably sound much like the foregoing reading. Some mediums speak in practical, down-to-earth terms, while others may stress the UNK Not all, as a matter of fact, consider themselves UNK in the sense of receiving messages from the UNK In fact, some UNK rule this out, UNK to consider their expression as strictly extra-sensory perception UNK on this side of the UNK However that may be, people are known to go to mediums for diverse reasons. Perhaps they are mourning a recent death and want comfort, to feel in touch with the UNK or seek indications for future plans. They may, of course, be curiosity UNK or they may just be interested in the phenomenon of UNK The mediums with whom the UNK Foundation is working in this experiment are in a waking or only slightly UNK state, so that the sitter can make comments, ask and answer questions, instead of talking with a UNK who speaks through an entranced sensitive. What we have here is in some ways more like an ordinary conversation. But it is not really only a conversation. Many a sitter (in a personal UNK has been amazed to realize that the medium was describing very vividly his state of mind. He himself might not have been really aware of his own UNK it had been UNK UNK UNK and only partly UNK until she described it to UNK Most striking indeed is this UNK ability to put a finger on UNK UNK and to clarify them. However, in the next visit that the UNK made to the medium, he did not receive a personal reading. Instead he brought with him the names of some people he had never met and of whom the medium knew nothing. For this was to be a UNK UNK ## AS WAS UNK earlier, it is important that in valid, objective study of this sort of communication, the interested sitter should be separated from the sensitive. Dr& UNK UNK Director of Research at the UNK Foundation, described the basis for the experiment in a UNK article, UNK Research on UNK After UNK Spring 1958). He remarked: "It has been clearly established that in a number of instances the message did not come from a spirit but was received UNK by the medium from the UNK The possibility has to be ruled out that the UNK ~ESP may tap the memory of the sitter, and to do this, the two central characters in this drama must be separated. One way to do this is by UNK UNK wherein the person seeking a message does not himself meet with the medium but is represented by a UNK the proxy sitter. If the latter knows nothing about the absent sitter except his name UNK by the UNK he cannot possibly give any UNK conscious or UNK far less ask leading questions. All he can do is to be an objective and careful UNK seeking to help the sensitive in clarifying and making more specific her UNK impressions. Sometimes in these experiments UNK UNK are used. Here the absent sitter makes a UNK with a UNK UNK close to him who is UNK asking him to "come UNK at a certain hour, when a channel will be open for him. In this case the proxy sitter will know only the name of the UNK nothing else. He gives this to the medium at the appointed time, and the reading then will be concerned with material about or messages from the UNK As always, a tape recording or detailed notes are made, and a UNK of this is sent to the absent sitter. So this proxy situation has set up at least a partial barrier between the UNK ~ESP and the absent UNK mind. It is now harder to assume UNK as a basis for the UNK though research still does not know how far UNK ~ESP <can> range. ## UNK THE UNK absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to <him>. Here again laboratory approaches are being UNK for it is recognized how UNK these readings can be, how they can apply to many people, and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual's own case. If you look at a reading meant for someone else, you will probably see that many of the items could be considered as applicable to you, even when you were not in the picture at UNK An interested sitter may think the sensitive has made a UNK describing something accurately for him, but can he really be sure that another sitter, hearing the same statement, would not apply it subjectively to his own UNK It is, of course, easy to see how UNK will mean Uncle Jack to one person and little Jane to another. "A UNK "a little white UNK "a change of UNK can apply to many people. And even more complex items can be interpreted to conform to one's own point of view, which is by nature so UNK One sitter may think "a leather UNK identifies a reading as surely directed to him; to another, it seems that nobody but his father ever used the phrase, UNK UNK To get around this quite difficult corner, there is one first aid to UNK prevent the distant sitter from knowing which reading <was> for him. If he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him, he can more readily assess each item in a larger UNK "Does that statement really sound as if it were for me, significant in my particular life? Or am I taking something that could really apply to almost UNK and forgetting that many other people probably have had a similar UNK Conversely, experimenters would consider as impressive such statements as the UNK which, if they turned out to be hits, are so unusual as to be really significant: "He had four children, two sets of UNK After being a lawyer for twenty-five years he started studying for the UNK Part of his house had been moved to the other side of the road. He died of UNK in UNK UNK have been developed of assigning UNK to UNK that is, it is known empirically that names beginning with ~R are more common than those beginning with UNK that fewer women are named UNK than UNK that in the United States more people die of heart disease than of UNK So each reading can be given a weight and each reading a score by adding up these UNK Specific dates would be important, as would double names. Various categories have been explored to find out about these UNK UNK against which to measure the UNK ## IN THE UNK UNK long-range experiment, readings are made by a variety of UNK for a large number of cooperating UNK trying to throw light on this question of the significance of UNK statements. It is very important indeed, in the field of extra-sensory perception and its relation to the survival hypothesis, to know whether the statements are actually only those which any intuitive person might venture and an eager sitter attach to himself. Or, on the other hand, are unlikely facts being stated, facts which are in themselves significant and <not> easily applicable to everybody? That is one thing the experiments are designed to find out. So, after the sitting has been held, several readings at one time are mailed, and the distant sitter (whose name or whose UNK name was given to the UNK must mark each little item as UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK or Especially UNK UNK to him and, he feels, not to anyone UNK He is required to mark every item and to indicate which reading he feels is actually his. All these evaluations are then UNK up and UNK by adding up the UNK and UNK with the weight placed on those in the UNK own reading. That is, if he marks as most correct a reading <not> meant for him, the total experimental score UNK Conversely, if he gives a heavy rating to his own reading, and finds more accurate facts in it than in the others, a point is UNK up for the UNK objective UNK of this type of UNK material. And there are some positive results, though the final findings will not be known for a long time- and then further research can be UNK In another approach to the same procedure, the content of the readings is analyzed so as to see how the particular medium is likely to UNK her statements. Does she often speak of locations, of cause of UNK Does she accurately give UNK ages, kind of UNK It is possible to find out in which categories most of her correct statements fall, and where she makes most of her UNK Now when, so to speak, the cream has been skimmed off, and the items in the successful categories separated out, the sitter can be asked to consider and rate only this concentrated UNK where the sensitive is at her best. ## UNK UNK are evidently of all sorts and seem to involve all the senses. "I feel UNK the medium says, or "My leg UNK "My head is UNK Or perhaps she hears words or UNK "There's such a noise of loud UNK or "I hear a child UNK or "He says we're all here and glad to see you". Maybe an entire scene comes into consciousness, with action and motion, or a static UNK "a house under a pine tree, with a little stone path going up to the UNK The sensitive often seems to smell definite UNK too, or subjectively feels emotions. Sometimes she displays amazing UNK imagery and seems to see all details in perspective, as if the scene were actually there. If pressed by the sitter for more detail, she may be able to bring the picture more into focus and see more UNK almost as if she were physically going UNK If asked how she gets her impressions, she probably can only say that she "just gets UNK some more vividly than others. Perhaps this is not so extraordinary after all. Even in normal experience one gets impressions without knowing exactly UNK of atmosphere, of one another's personalities, moods, intentions. Of course, there is an element of training UNK these gifted people, by concentration, study, guidance, have learned to develop their power. Simply UNK it increases its intensity, I was told by one sensitive. Nor does a medium automatically know how to interpret her UNK UNK often appear in a symbolic form and cannot be taken at face value. It is apparently by symbols that the unconscious speaks to the conscious, and the medium has to translate these into meaning. If communication with an entity on the UNK UNK is taking place, this too may assume the form of UNK symbolism. During one reading an image appeared of a prisoner in UNK But this did not necessarily refer to an actual UNK taken with other details it could have referred to a state of mental or spiritual UNK In this connection it is worth noting how names are sometimes obtained. Though they are often heard UNK as if a voice were speaking them, in other cases they are UNK UNK as UNK a slope to UNK the name UNK for UNK One medium saw two sheets UNK on a line and found that the name UNK was significant to the sitter. _@_ UNK is UNK The farmer's life must be arranged to meet the demands of crops and livestock. UNK must be tended every day, UNK A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or UNK Even if there are no UNK the farmer cannot leave the farm for long periods, particularly during the growing season. The worker who lives on a farm cannot change jobs UNK He cannot leave the farm to take work in another UNK on short UNK such a move may mean a loss of capital. _@_ UNK physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of farm life. The farmer must get up early, and, at times, work late at night. Frequently he must work long hours in the hot sun or cold rain. No matter how well work is planned, bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up. It may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the UNK machinery that a full-time farmer can invest in UNK _@_ Production may fall far below expectations. UNK UNK disease, and insects take their toll of UNK UNK or loss of some of the livestock may cut into the UNK earnings, even into his capital. _@_ UNK for money and labor invested may be small even in a good year. The high cost of land, supplies, and labor make it difficult to farm UNK on a part-time basis. Land within commuting distance of a growing city is usually high in price, higher if it has subdivision possibilities. Part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller UNK If the farm is in an industrial area where wages are high, farm labor costs will also be high. A part-time farmer needs unusual skill to get as high production per hen, per cow, or per acre as can be obtained by a competent full-time UNK It will frequently be UNK for him to own the most up-to-date equipment. He may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations, such as spraying or UNK and for these, he may have to wait his turn. There will be losses caused by emergencies that arise while he is away at his UNK job. _@_ The farm may be an additional burden if the main job is lost. This may be true whether the farm is owned or UNK If the farm is UNK the rent must be paid. If it is UNK taxes must be UNK and if the place is not free of UNK there will be interest and payments on the principal to take care of. UNK UNK farm provides a wholesome and UNK environment for children. It gives them room to play and plenty of fresh air. The children can do chores adapted to their age and ability. UNK for a UNK a UNK or some chickens develops in children a sense of responsibility for work. _@_ Part-time farming gives a measure of security if the regular job is lost, UNK the farm is owned free of debt and furnishes enough income to meet fixed expenses and minimum living costs. _@_ For some retired persons, part-time farming is a good way to supplement retirement income. It is particularly suitable for those who need to work or exercise out of doors for their health. _@_ Generally, the UNK UNK level of living costs less in the country than in the city. The savings are not as great, however, as is sometime UNK Usually, the cost of food and shelter will be somewhat less on the farm and the cost of transportation and utilities somewhat more. Where schools, fire and police protection, and similar municipal services are of equal quality in city and country, real estate taxes are usually about the same. _@_ A part-time farmer and his family can use their spare time UNK _@_ Some persons consider the work on a farm UNK For some UNK workers it is a welcome change from the regular job, and a physical UNK UNK UNK AND UNK NEEDED# Part-time farming can take comparatively little land, labor, and UNK or a great deal. It depends on the kind and the scale of the farming operation. General requirements for land, labor, and equipment are discussed below. Specific requirements for each of various types of enterprises are discussed on pages 8 to 14. UNK Three quarters to 1 acre of good land is enough for raising fruits and vegetables for home use, and for a small flock of UNK a cow, and two UNK You could not, of course, raise feed for the livestock on a plot this UNK If you want to raise feed or carry out some enterprise on a larger scale, you'll need more land. In deciding how much land you want, take into account the amount you'll need to bring in the income you expect. But consider also how much you and your family can keep up along with your other work. The cost of land and the prospects for appreciation in value may influence your decision. Some part-time farmers buy more land than they need in anticipation of suburban development. This is a highly speculative venture. Sometimes a desired acreage is offered only as part of a larger UNK When surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep up, it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm. UNK If you have a UNK full-time job you can't expect to grow much more than your family UNK unless other members of the family do a good deal of the work or you hire help. As a rule, part-time farmers hire little help. In deciding on the enterprises to be managed by family labor, compare the amount of labor that can be supplied by the family with the labor needs of various enterprises listed in table 1. List the number of hours the family can be expected to work each month. You may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one. Do not include all your spare time or all your family's spare time- only what you are willing to use for farm work. UNK If you are going to produce for home use only, you will need only hand tools. You will probably want to hire someone to do the plowing, however. For larger UNK you'll need some kind of power for plowing, UNK UNK and UNK If you have a planting of half an acre or more you may want to buy a small garden tractor UNK for $300 to $500 with UNK 1960 UNK These tractors are not entirely satisfactory for plowing, particularly on heavier soils, so you may still want to hire someone to do the UNK Cost of power and machinery is often a serious problem to the UNK UNK If you are going to farm for extra cash income on a part-time basis you must keep in mind the needed machinery investments when you choose among farm enterprises. You can keep your machinery investment down by buying good UNK machinery, by sharing the cost and UNK of machinery with a neighbor, and by hiring someone with machinery to do certain jobs. If an expensive and specialized piece of machinery is needed- such as a spray UNK a UNK or a UNK it is better to pay someone with a machine to do the work. UNK A UNK Before you look for a farm you'll need to know (1) the kind and scale of farming you want to UNK and (2) whether you want to buy or UNK Information on pages 8 to 14 may help you in deciding on the kind and scale of your farming venture. If you are not well acquainted with the area in which you wish to UNK or if you are not sure that you and your family will like and make a success of UNK usually you would do better to rent a place for a year or two before you UNK UNK below are some of the main things to look for when you select a part-time farm. UNK UNK TO UNK UNK a location within easy commuting distance of both the regular job and other employment opportunities. Then if you change jobs you won't necessarily have to sell the farm. The presence of alternative job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable. Obviously the farm should be on an UNK road. UNK TO UNK If you grow anything to sell you will need markets UNK If you plan to sell fresh vegetables or whole milk, for example, you should be close to a town or city. UNK OF UNK Look for a farm in a neighborhood of well-kept homes. There are slums in the country as well as in the city. Few rural areas are protected by UNK A UNK filling station, junk yard, rendering plant, or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value. UNK IN THE UNK Check on the schools in the area, the quality of teaching, and the provision for transportation to and from them. UNK out whether fire protection, sewage system, gas, water UNK and electrical lines are available in the UNK If these facilities are not at the door, getting them may cost more than you expect. You may have to provide them yourself or get along without them. You cannot get along without an adequate supply of pure water. If you are considering a part-time farm where the water must be provided by a well, find out if there is a good well on the farm or the probable cost of having one UNK A pond may provide adequate water for livestock and garden. UNK water can be filtered for human use, but most part-time farmers would not want to go to so much trouble. The following amounts of water are needed per day for livestock and domestic UNK UNK AND UNK Is the land suited to the crops you intend to UNK If you can't tell, get help from your county agricultural agent or other local specialist. UNK type, drainage, or degree of slope can make the difference between good crops and poor ones. Small areas that aren't right for a certain crop may lie next to areas that are well suited to that UNK _THE UNK Will the house on any part-time farm you are considering make a satisfactory full-time UNK How much will it cost to do any necessary modernizing and UNK If the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be UNK check into the cost of making these UNK UNK A UNK The value of the farm to you will depend on- _@_ Its worth as a place to live. _@_ The value of the products you can raise on it. _@_ The possibilities of selling the property later on for suburban UNK UNK first what the place is worth to you and your family as a home in comparison with what it would cost to live in town. Take into account the difference in city and county taxes, insurance rates, utility rates, and the cost of travel to work. Next, estimate the value of possible earnings of the farm. To do this, set up a plan on paper for operating the farm. List the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year. Estimate the value of the produce at normal prices. The total is the probable gross income from UNK To find estimated net farm income, UNK estimated annual farming expenditures from probable gross income from UNK UNK as expenditures an allowance for depreciation of farm buildings and equipment. Also count as an expense a charge for the labor to be contributed by the family. It may be hard to decide what this labor is worth, but charge something for it. Otherwise, you may pay too much for the farm and get nothing for your labor. To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income, divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way. Everyone with a personal or group tragedy to relate had to be given his day in court as in some vast collective UNK For almost two months, the defendant and the world heard from individuals escaped from the grave about fathers and mothers, UNK UNK UNK UNK beaten to death, UNK UNK UNK burned. One who had been a boy in UNK had to tell how children had been selected by height for the gas chambers. The UNK humor of the Nazis was not UNK the gas chamber with a sign on it with the name of a Jewish foundation and bearing a copper Star of UNK nor the gratuitous UNK of ~SS officers. Public relations strategists everywhere, watching the reaction of the German press, the liberal press, the UNK press, listening to their neighbors, studying interviews with men and women on the street, cried out: Too much, too UNK the mind of the audience is becoming UNK the horrors are losing their effect. And still another witness, one who had crawled out from under a heap of UNK had to tell how the victims had been forced to lay themselves head to foot one on top of the other before being shot. **h Most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the UNK UNK of the total Nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the UNK Department of Jewish Affairs. Counsel for the defense, however, UNK allowing himself to be swept by the current of dreadful UNK rarely raised an objection. Would not the emotional UNK eventually brought on by this UNK have a UNK if not UNK effect likely to improve his client's UNK Those who feared UNK at the Trial showed less understanding than Dr& UNK of the route by which man achieves the distance necessary for fairness toward UNK UNK came largely from the bench, which numerous times UNK the Attorney General for letting his witnesses run on, though it, too, made no serious effort to choke off the flow. But there was a contrast even more decisive than a hunger for fact between the Trial in Jerusalem and those in Moscow and New York. In each of the last, the trial UNK the beginning of a new UNK in Moscow the liquidation of the Old UNK and the UNK of Stalin's UNK in the United States the initiation of militant UNK with the UNK UNK in the UNK These trials were properly termed UNK UNK in that the trial itself was a political act producing political consequences. But what could the Eichmann Trial UNK Of what new course could it mark the UNK The Eichmann case looked to the past, not to the future. It was the conclusion of the first phase of a process of tragic recollection, and of UNK the recollection, that will last as long as there are Jews. As such, it was beyond politics and had no need of justification by a UNK ## UNK IS NOT AN individual that is in the dock at this historical UNK said Ben UNK "and not the Nazi regime alone- but anti-Semitism throughout history". How could supplying Eichmann with a platform on which to maintain that one could UNK in the murder of millions of Jews <without being an UNK contribute to a verdict against UNK And if it was not an individual who was in the UNK why was the UNK as we shall observe later, all but UNK in the attempt to prove Eichmann a UNK These questions touch the root of confusion in the UNK case. It might be contended, of course, that Eichmann in UNK denying anti-Semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of UNK But in either event he was the wrong man for the kind of case outlined by Ben UNK and set forth in the UNK In such a case the defendant should serve as a clear example and not have to be tied to the issue by argument. One who could be linked to anti-Semitism only by overcoming his objections is scarcely a good specimen of the UNK throughout the ages. UNK at Eichmann though he might, the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was UNK the way he felt about Jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of UNK Yes, he believed that the Jews were UNK of the UNK and such a belief is, of course, typical of UNK UNK but he believed in the UNK in a kind of UNK theological way, like a member of a cult speculating on the nature of things. The real question was how one passed from anti-Semitism of this sort to murder, and the answer to this question is not to be found in anti-Semitism itself. In regard to UNK it was to be found in the Nazi outlook, which contained a principle separate from and far worse than UNK a principle by which the poison of anti-Semitism itself was made more UNK Perhaps under the guidance of this Nazi principle one could, as Eichmann declared, feel personally friendly toward the Jews and still be their UNK Not through fear of UNK UNK as Eichmann kept trying to explain, but through a peculiar UNK that began in a UNK of the vicious UNK contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitler's victories into a permanent UNK and sense of magical UNK that was able to respond to any proposal, and the more UNK the better, "Well, let's try it". At any rate, the substance of Eichmann's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the UNK and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews, his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent. ## BUT IF THE Trial did not expose the special Nazi mania so deadly to Jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light, neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-Semitism of which the Nazis made such effective use in Germany and wherever else they could find it. If anti-Semitism was on trial in UNK why was it not identified, and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press, in its connection with the activities of Eichmann's Department of Jewish Affairs, as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of Jews by UNK and UNK UNK in Germany, as well as in Poland, UNK UNK The infamous UNK Conference called by UNK in January 1942, to organize the material and technical means to put to death the eleven million Jews spread throughout the nations of Europe, was attended by representatives of major organs of the German state, including the Reich Minister of the Interior, the State Secretary in charge of the Four UNK UNK the Reich Minister of Justice, the Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs. The measures for UNK proposed and accepted at the Conference affected industry, transportation, civilian agencies of government. UNK in opening the Conference, followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by UNK which authorized the Final Solution as " a complement UNK previous UNK for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence, economic UNK forced UNK and UNK In other words, the UNK of the murder plan made clear that physically UNK the Jews was but an extension of the anti-Semitic measures already operating in every phase of German life, and that the new conspiracy counted on the general anti-Semitism that had made those measures effective, as a readiness for murder. This, in fact, it turned out to be. Since the magnitude of the plan made secrecy impossible, once the wheels had began to turn, persons controlling German industries, social institutions, and armed forces UNK through their anti-Semitism or their tolerance of it, conscious UNK of Hitler's UNK whether in the last degree or a lesser one was a matter to be determined UNK What more could be asked for a Trial intended to warn the world against anti-Semitism than this opportunity to expose the exact link between the respectable UNK and the UNK UNK Not in Eichmann's anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the potential warning of the UNK No doubt many of the citizens of the Third Reich had conceived their anti-Semitism as an UNK dislike of Jews, as do others like them today. The Final Solution proved that the UNK of any variety UNK himself as being UNK in the criminality and UNK of others. UNK not an UNK Trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once and for all by showing how representative types of UNK UNK were drawn step by step into the program of UNK and UNK The Prosecutor in his opening remarks did refer to "the germ of UNK among the Germans which Hitler UNK and UNK But if there was evidence at the Trial that aimed over Eichmann's head at his collaborators in the societies where he UNK the press seems to have missed it. ## UNK UNK THE Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis, both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states. Certainly, one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon. Eichmann himself is a model of how the myth of the UNK can be used to transform the ordinary man of present-day society into a menace to <all> his neighbors. Do UNK everywhere know enough about how the persecution of the Jews in Germany and later in the occupied countries contributed to UNK the UNK UNK apart individuals and groups, arousing the UNK and most UNK UNK UNK trust and personal dignity, and finally forcing people to follow their masters into the abyss by making them partners in unspeakable UNK The career of Eichmann made the Trial a potential showcase for anti-Semitic UNK fearful of being mistaken for a Jew, he seeks protection in his Nazi UNK clinging to the UNK idea, he is forced to overcome habits of politeness and UNK once in power he begins to give vent to a criminal UNK that causes him to alternate between UNK and UNK of those above him. "Is this the type of citizen you UNK the Trial should have asked the nations. But though this characterization in no way diminished Eichmann's guilt, the UNK more deeply involved in the tactics of a criminal case than a political one, would have none of it. Finally, if the mission of the Trial was to convict UNK how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting UNK of the countries in which the Final Solution was aided by native UNK i&e&, Germany, Poland, UNK UNK and those in which it met the obstacle of human UNK UNK Holland, Italy, UNK UNK Should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations UNK by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish UNK from the UNK Wasn't this meaning of Eichmann's experience in various countries worth UNK ## AS THE FIRST collective confrontation of the Nazi UNK the Trial of Eichmann represents a recovery of the Jews from the shock of the death camps, a recovery that took fifteen years and which is still by no means complete (though let no one believe that it could be hastened by UNK Only across a distance of time could the epic accounting begin. It is already difficult to recall how little we knew before the Trial of what had been done to the Jews of Europe. It is not that the facts of the persecution were UNK most of the information elicited in Jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous War UNK UNK and investigating commissions, and by reports, UNK and UNK accounts. IN UNK N& Y&, in 1952, a Roman Catholic hospital presented seven Protestant physicians with an UNK to quit the Planned Parenthood Federation or to UNK from the hospital staff. Three agreed, but four declined and were UNK After a flood of UNK they were UNK at the beginning of 1953. The peace of the community was badly UNK and people across the nation, reading of the incident, felt uneasy. In New York City in 1958, the city's Commissioner of UNK refused to permit a physician to provide a Protestant mother with a UNK device. He thereby precipitated a bitter controversy involving UNK Jews and Roman Catholics that continued for two months, until the city's Board of UNK lifted the ban on birth-control therapy. A year later in Albany, N& Y&, a Roman Catholic hospital barred an UNK surgeon because of his connection with the Planned Parenthood Association. UNK the religious groups of the city were UNK in an angry dispute over the alleged invasion of a man's right to freedom of religious belief and conscience. These UNK typical of many others, dramatize the distressing fact that no controversy during the last several decades has caused more tension, UNK and strife among religious groups in this country than the birth-control issue. It has flared up periodically on the front pages of newspapers in communities divided over UNK regulations in municipal hospitals and health and UNK agencies. It has erupted on the national level in the matter of including birth-control information and material in foreign aid to underdeveloped countries. Where it is not actually UNK it UNK and UNK in UNK resentment like a UNK ready to explode at any moment. The time has come for citizens of all UNK to unite in an effort to remove this divisive and UNK issue from the political and social life of our nation. The first step toward the goal is the establishment of a new atmosphere of mutual good will and friendly communication on other than the UNK level. Instead of emotional UNK loaded phrases and UNK we need a UNK study of the facts, a better understanding of the opposite viewpoint and a more serious effort to extend the areas of agreement until a solution is reached. "All too UNK points out James UNK managing editor of UNK UNK run UNK over Protestant sensibilities in this matter, by failure to consider the reasoning behind the Protestant position and, particularly, by their UNK at the fact that Protestant opinion on birth control has changed in recent UNK All too often our language is unduly UNK The second step is to recognize the substantial UNK frequently blurred by UNK and inaccurate newspaper UNK already existing between Catholics and non-Catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning. Instead of UNK being obliged or even encouraged to UNK the greatest possible number of UNK as many non-Catholics UNK the ideal of UNK UNK is stressed. Family planning is UNK so that parents will be able to provide properly for their UNK Pope UNK /12, declared in 1951 that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of UNK for a long time and even for the whole duration of married life, if there are serious reasons, such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical, UNK economic and social UNK This means that such factors as the health of the parents, particularly the mother, their ability to provide their children with the necessities of life, the degree of population density of a country and the shortage of housing facilities may UNK be taken into consideration in determining the number of UNK These are substantially the same factors considered by non-Catholics in family planning. The laws of many states permit birth control only for medical reasons. The Roman Catholic Church, however, sanctions a much more liberal policy on family planning. Catholics, Protestants and Jews are in agreement over the objectives of family planning, but disagree over the methods to be used. The Roman Catholic Church sanctions only abstention or the rhythm method, also known as the use of the UNK or safe period. The Church considers this to be the method provided by nature and its divine UNK It involves no frustration of UNK laws, but simply an intelligent and disciplined use of them. With the exception of the Roman Catholic and the Orthodox Catholic Churches, most churches make no moral distinction between rhythm and mechanical or chemical UNK allowing the couple free choice. Here is a difference in theological belief where there seems little chance of agreement. The grounds for the Church's position are UNK UNK UNK the teachings of the fathers and doctors of the early Church, the unbroken tradition of nineteen centuries, the decisions of the highest ecclesiastical authority and the natural law. The latter plays a prominent role in Roman Catholic theology and is considered decisive, entirely apart from UNK in determining the ethical character of UNK methods. The Roman Catholic UNK tradition regards as UNK that the primary objective purpose of the conjugal act is procreation and that the UNK of the mutual love of the UNK is the secondary and subjective end. This conclusion is based on two UNK that man by the use of his reason can ascertain God's purpose in the universe and that God makes known His purpose by certain UNK physical arrangements. Thus, man can readily deduce that the primary objective end of the conjugal act is UNK the propagation of the race. Moreover, man may not supplant or frustrate the physical arrangements established by God, who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of UNK UNK that God is the Author of this law and of all laws of nature, Roman Catholics believe that they are obliged to obey those laws, not frustrate or mock them. Let it be granted then that the theological differences in this area between Protestants and Roman Catholics appear to be UNK But people differ in their religious beliefs on scores of UNK without taking up arms against those who disagree with them. Why is it so different in regard to birth UNK It is because each side has sought to UNK its distinctive theological belief through legislation and thus indirectly UNK its belief, or at least the practical consequences thereof, upon others. It is always a temptation for a religious organization, especially a powerful or dominant one, to impose through the UNK fist of the law its UNK viewpoint upon others. Both Roman Catholics and Protestants have succumbed to this temptation in the past. Consider what happened during World War /1,, when the Protestant churches united to push the Prohibition law through Congress. Many of them sincerely believe that the use of liquor in any form or in any degree is intrinsically evil and UNK With over four million American men away at war, Protestants forced their distinctive theological belief upon the general public. With the return of our soldiers, it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens. The attempt to enforce that belief UNK in a reign of UNK UNK UNK and UNK that led to a breakdown of law UNK in our history. The so-called UNK UNK came to an UNK end. That UNK painful and costly experience shows clearly that a law expressing a moral judgment cannot be enforced when it has little correspondence with the general view of society. That experience holds a lesson for us all in regard to birth control today. Up to the turn of the century, contraception was condemned by <all> Christian churches as UNK unnatural and contrary to divine law. This was generally reflected in the civil laws of Christian countries. Today, the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Churches stand virtually alone in holding that conviction. The various Lambeth UNK expressing the Anglican UNK mirror the gradual change that has taken place among Protestants generally. In 1920, the Lambeth Conference repeated its UNK condemnation of contraception and issued "an UNK warning against the use of unnatural means for the avoidance of conception, together with the grave UNK physical, moral, and UNK thereby UNK and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the UNK UNK the view that the sexual union is an end in itself, the Conference declared: "We UNK uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage. One is the primary purpose for which marriage exists, namely, the continuance of the race through the gift and heritage of children; the other is the paramount importance in married life of deliberate and thoughtful UNK The Conference called for a vigorous campaign against the open or secret sale of UNK In 1930, the Lambeth Conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children, but conceded that, in certain limited circumstances, contraception might be morally UNK In 1958, the Conference endorsed birth control as the responsibility laid by God on parents everywhere. Many other Protestant denominations preceded the UNK in such action. In March, UNK 22 out of 28 members of a committee of the Federal Council of Churches UNK artificial methods of birth control. "As to the UNK the committee declared, "for some form of effective control of the size of the family and the spacing of children, and consequently of control of conception, there can be no question **h. There is general agreement also that sex union between husbands and wives as an expression of mutual affection UNK relation to procreation is right". Since then, many Protestant denominations have made separate UNK in which they not only approved birth control, but declared it at times to be a UNK UNK What determines the morality, they state, is not the UNK used, but the UNK In general, the means (excluding UNK that prove most effective are considered the most UNK This development is reflected in the action taken in February, 1961, by the general board of the National Council of Churches, the largest Protestant organization in the UNK The board approved and commended the use of birth-control devices as a part of Christian responsibility in family planning. It called for opposition to laws and institutional practices restricting the information or availability of UNK The general board declared: "Most of the Protestant churches hold contraception and periodic UNK to be morally right when the motives are right **h. The general Protestant conviction is that UNK rather than methods, form the primary moral issue, provided the methods are limited to the prevention of UNK An action once universally condemned by all Christian churches and forbidden by the civil law is now not only approved by the overwhelming majority of Protestant UNK but also UNK at certain times, to be a positive UNK UNK This viewpoint has now been translated into action by the majority of people in this country. Repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using UNK in the practice of birth control. For all concerned with UNK legislation, the significance of this radical and revolutionary change in the thought and habits of the vast majority of the American people is clear, profound and UNK To try to oppose the general religious and moral conviction of such a majority by a legislative UNK would be to invite the same breakdown of law and order that was occasioned by the ill-starred Prohibition experiment. This brings us to the fact that the realities we are dealing with lie not in the field of civil legislation, but in the realm of conscience and UNK They are moral judgments and matters of theological belief. UNK and religion are concerned with private UNK The civil law is concerned with public UNK Only confusion, failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of UNK private homes to preclude the possibility of sin. Among the chief victims of such an UNK imposition would be religion itself. ## On April 17, UNK the sturdy little UNK bark, UNK weighed anchor in St& UNK UNK London, and floated down the UNK toward the sea. She UNK besides her UNK a crew of twenty-one and provisions for a voyage of exploration of the Arctic waters of North America. Seventeen months later, on September 6, UNK an Irish fishing boat sighted the <Discovery> UNK UNK outside UNK Bay. When she reached UNK she was found to have on board only eight men, all near UNK The captain was gone, and the mate was gone. The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary UNK What disaster struck the <Discovery> during those seventeen UNK What happened to the fourteen missing UNK These questions have remained one of the great sea mysteries of all time. For hundreds of years, the evidence available consisted of (1) the UNK fragmentary journal, (2) a highly prejudiced account by one of the UNK (3) a note found in a dead man's desk on board, and (4) several UNK reports. All told, they offered a highly confused picture. But since 1927, UNK digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information. Not enough to do away with all doubts, but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage. Historians have had two reasons for UNK so long in their investigations. First, they wanted to clarify a UNK UNK UNK Second, they believed it important to determine the fate of the UNK a man whose name is permanently stamped on our UNK on American towns and counties, on a great American river, and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas. The name: UNK UNK This is the story of his last tragic voyage, as nearly as we are UNK or ever, UNK will be UNK to UNK The sailing in the spring of UNK was Hudson's fourth in four years. Each time his objective had been the UNK a direct water passage from Western Europe to the Far East. In UNK and UNK the English Muscovy Company had sent him northward to look for a route over the North Pole or across the top of Russia. Twice he had failed, and the Muscovy Company indicated it would not back him again. In UNK the Dutch East India Company hired Hudson, gave him two learned UNK fitted him out with a ship called the <Half UNK and supplied him with Dutch UNK This time he turned UNK to the middle Atlantic coast of North America. His chief discovery was important- the Great North UNK the UNK UNK but it produced no northwest UNK ## When the <Half UNK put in at Dartmouth, England, in the fall of UNK word of Hudson's findings leaked out, and English interest in him UNK The government UNK Hudson to return to Amsterdam with his ship. He UNK went to London and spent the winter talking to men of wealth. By UNK he was supported by a rich merchant syndicate under the patronage of Henry, Prince of UNK He had obtained and UNK a veteran ship called the <Discovery> and had UNK a crew of UNK the largest he had ever UNK The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear. A century of exploration had established that a great land mass, North and South America, lay between Europe and the UNK One by one, the openings in the coast that promised a passage through had been explored and UNK In fact, Hudson's sail up the Great North River had disposed of one of the last UNK But there remained one UNK unexplored UNK far to the north. Nearly twenty-five years before, Captain John Davis had noted, as he sailed near the Arctic UNK "a very great UNK the water whirling and UNK as it were the meeting of UNK He named this UNK between UNK Island and UNK the "Furious UNK UNK it was to be called Hudson UNK In UNK George UNK in the same little <Discovery> that Hudson now UNK had sailed 300 miles up the UNK before his frightened men turned the ship back. Hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the UNK UNK Even Hudson, experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was, must have had UNK as he slid down the UNK UNK were UNK UNK waters. On previous UNK it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and UNK On the second voyage, he had turned back at the frozen island of UNK UNK and UNK given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will- which was obviously not the case. On the third voyage, a UNK rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the <Half UNK had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in UNK UNK his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before. Of only one could he be UNK young John Hudson, his second son. The mate, Robert UNK who had kept the journal on the UNK UNK was UNK but he was a bitter old man, ready to complain or desert at any opportunity. Philip UNK the ship's UNK was a good UNK but perversely independent. Arnold UNK and Michael UNK were like the rest- UNK ready to swing against Hudson in a crisis. But men willing to sail at all into waters where wooden ships could be crushed like eggs were hard to find. Hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an UNK And he refused to be anything else. It is believed that Hudson was related to other UNK men of the Muscovy Company and was trained on company ships. He was a UNK married, with three UNK (The common misconception that he was Dutch and that his first name was UNK stem from Dutch documents of his third UNK In UNK Hudson was probably in his early UNK a good UNK a stubborn UNK but otherwise fatally UNK to his chosen profession. ## Hudson's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the UNK There at the UNK edge waited one Henry UNK whom Hudson listed as a UNK Greene was in actuality a young UNK from Kent, who had broken with his parents in order to keep the company he UNK UNK UNK and UNK He was not the sort of UNK Hudson wanted his UNK to see on board and he had Greene wait at UNK where the <Discovery> picked him up. For the first three weeks, the ship UNK up the east coast of Great Britain, then turned UNK On May 11, she reached UNK Poor winds and fog locked her up in a harbor the crew called UNK UNK The subsequent UNK wait made the crew UNK With Hudson looking on, his UNK Greene picked a fight with the ship's surgeon, Edward Wilson. The issue was settled on shore, Greene winning and Wilson remaining UNK determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England. With difficulty, Hudson persuaded him to UNK the ship, and they sailed from UNK ## Early in June, the <Discovery> passed UNK UNK UNK and in UNK entered the "Furious UNK UNK ice bore down from the north and UNK UNK hung over the route UNK UNK tides rose as much as fifty feet. The ship's compass was useless because of the UNK of the magnetic North UNK As the UNK grew larger, Hudson was forced to turn south into what is now UNK Bay, an UNK of the great UNK After finding that its coasts led UNK however, he turned north again, toward the main, UNK UNK and the crew, at first uneasy, then UNK UNK The trouble was at least partly Juet's doing. For weeks he had been saying that Hudson's idea of sailing through to UNK was absurd. The great, crushing ice masses coming into view made him sound like the voice of pure reason. A group of sailors announced to Hudson that they would sail no farther. Instead of UNK the UNK as many UNK of the era would have done UNK Francis UNK UNK a man's head off under similar UNK Hudson decided to be reasonable. He went to his cabin and emerged carrying a large chart, which he set up in view of the crew. UNK he explained what he knew about their course and their objectives. When Hudson had finished, the UNK UNK broke down into a general, UNK argument. One man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds, he would give ninety of them to be back in England. Up spoke carpenter UNK who said he wouldn't give UNK pounds to be home. The statement was effective. The meeting broke up. Hudson was free to sail on. ## All through July the <Discovery> picked her way along the UNK UNK avoiding ice and rocky UNK On August 3, two massive UNK reared out of the UNK great UNK never before, so far as Hudson knew, seen by UNK To UNK was a cape a thousand feet high, UNK with ice and snow, populated by thousands of screaming sea birds. To port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a UNK of 2,000 feet. Hudson named the capes UNK and UNK for two of his UNK Hudson pointed the <Discovery> down the east coast of the newly discovered sea (now called Hudson UNK confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific. After three UNK swift UNK however, the ship entered an area of shallow marshes and river UNK The ship UNK The great UNK to the UNK was a dead end. This must have been Hudson's UNK discovery. For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea, but the solid bulk of the North American UNK This was the bitter end, and Hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure. UNK he tried to brush away this intuition. North and south, east and west, back and forth he sailed in the UNK bay, plowing furiously forward until land appeared, then turning to repeat the process, day after day, week after week. Hundreds of miles to the north, the route back to England through the "Furious UNK was again filling with ice. The men were at first UNK then UNK by the UNK UNK Once more, Juet's complaints were the UNK Hudson's reply was to accuse the mate of UNK Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial. The trial was held September 10. Hudson, UNK heard Juet's defense, then called for testimony from crew members. Juet had made plentiful enemies, several men stepped forward. UNK on Bible, UNK UNK and carpenter UNK swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep UNK and UNK in their UNK Cook UNK UNK said Juet had predicted UNK on the ship. Others added that Juet had wanted to turn the ship UNK Hudson UNK Juet and cut his pay. The new mate was Robert UNK talented but UNK There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves. The important result, however, was that Juet and Francis UNK the UNK UNK became Hudson's UNK UNK As Hudson resumed his desperate UNK of the little bay, every incident lessened the UNK respect for him. Once, after the <Discovery> lay for a week in rough weather, Hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had UNK Just as it was being hauled UNK a sea hit the ship. Michael UNK and UNK Moore were thrown off the UNK and badly injured. The anchor cable would have been lost UNK but Philip UNK was on hand to sever it with his UNK Thomas UNK fifth Earl of UNK a noble UNK UNK concerned with the plight of the UNK of his native UNK conceived a plan to settle them in the valley of the Red River of the North. Since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the Hudson's Bay Company, he purchased great blocks of the UNK stock with the view to controlling its policies. Having achieved this end, he was able to buy UNK square miles in the valleys of the Red and UNK UNK The UNK which stretched southward to Lake UNK the headwaters of the UNK was made in May, UNK and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay. Thus at the same time that William Henry UNK was preparing to UNK the aborigines of Indiana UNK and winning fame at the battle of UNK Anglo-Saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the North American continent to the west of the American agricultural UNK Seven hundred miles south of York UNK at "the Forks" of the Red and the UNK twenty-three men located a settlement in August UNK By October the little colony about Fort Douglas UNK UNK numbered UNK Within a few years the UNK engaged in breaking the thick UNK and stirring the rich soil of the valley, were joined by a group called UNK The latter, members of two UNK of Swiss mercenaries transported by Great Britain to Canada to fight the Americans in the War of UNK had settled in Montreal and Kingston at the close of the war in UNK Selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to Red River where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile Northwest Company which resented the UNK of farmers into the fur UNK UNK The mercenaries were little interested in farming and added nothing to the output of the farm plots on which all work was still done with UNK as late as UNK It was the low yield of the Selkirk plots and the UNK of grasshoppers in UNK that led to the UNK of the settlement UNK When late in the summer the full extent of the damage was UNK all but fifty of the UNK Swiss and UNK moved up the Red to the mouth of the Pembina river. Here they built huts and a UNK named Fort Daer after Selkirk's UNK in UNK The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food. The Selkirk settlers had been anticipated in their move southward by British fur traders. For many years the Northwest Company had its southern headquarters at Prairie du Chien on the Mississippi River, some 300 miles southeast of present-day St& UNK Minnesota. When in UNK an act of Congress forced the foreign firm out of the United States, its UNK employees, now become American citizens- Joseph UNK Joseph UNK and UNK UNK continued in the fur business. On Big Stone Lake near the headwaters of the Red River, Robert UNK Superintendent of the Western Indian Department of Canada, had a trading post and planned in UNK to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces. His trading goods came from Canada to the UNK of Red River and from Selkirk's settlement he brought them south in UNK These UNK were of a type devised in Pembina in the days of Alexander Henry the UNK about a decade before the Selkirk colony was begun. In UNK Henry referred to "our new UNK as being about four feet off the ground and carrying five times as much as a horse could UNK They were held together by UNK and UNK and in later times drawn by a single ox in UNK It was UNK who suggested to Lord Selkirk that he return to the Atlantic coast by way of the United States. In September 1817 at Fort Daer UNK UNK met the noble lord whom, with the help of a band of UNK he escorted to Prairie du Chien. During the trip Selkirk decided that the route through Illinois territory to Indiana and the eastern United States was the best route for goods from England to reach Red River and that the United States was a better source of supply for many goods than either Canada or England. Upon arriving at Baltimore, Selkirk on December 22 wrote to John Quincy Adams, Secretary of State at Washington, inquiring about laws covering trade with UNK and Illinois UNK This traffic, he declared UNK UNK it might be of small account at first, would increase with the progress of our UNK **h". The route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was followed by his settlers earlier than he might have expected. In 1819 grasshoppers again destroyed the crop at "the Forks" UNK UNK and in December UNK twenty men left Fort Daer for the most UNK American UNK at Prairie du Chien. It was a three-month journey in the dead of winter followed by three months of labor on UNK boats. With these completed and ice gone from the St& Peter's River UNK Minnesota UNK their 250 bushels of wheat, 100 bushels of oats and barley and 30 bushels of peas and some chickens were loaded onto the flat-bottomed boats and UNK up the river to Big Stone Lake, across into Lake UNK and down the UNK They reached Fort Douglas in June UNK This epic effort to secure seed for the colony cost Selkirk UNK Nevertheless so short was the supply of seed that the settlers were forced to retreat to Fort Daer for food. Thereafter seed and food became more plentiful and the colony remained in the north the year UNK UNK by British traders and the presence of a colony on the Red prompted the United State War Department in 1819 to send UNK Henry UNK from Detroit to put a post 300 miles northwest of Prairie du UNK until then the most advanced United States post. In September UNK two companies of infantry arrived at the mouth of the St& Peter's River, the head of UNK on the Mississippi, and began construction of Fort St& Anthony which, upon completion, was UNK in honor of its commander, Colonel UNK Snelling. It was from the American UNK that Red River UNK of livestock were to be made good. UNK L& UNK fur trader and merchant at Prairie du UNK contracted to supply Selkirk's people with some 300 head of cattle, and UNK UNK and UNK UNK were hired as UNK UNK after leaving Fort Snelling in August UNK was forced to leave some of the cattle at the Hudson's Bay Company's post on Lake UNK "in the UNK UNK and reached Fort Garry, as the Selkirk Hudson's Bay Company center was now called, late in the fall. He set out on his UNK return journey with five families of UNK and disappointed Swiss who turned their eyes toward the United States. UNK their distressing condition, Colonel Snelling allowed these UNK immigrants to settle on the military UNK As these Swiss were moving from the Selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of Minnesota, UNK of UNK Michigan, and Prairie du Chien was traveling to Red River to open a trade in UNK Early in UNK he was at Fort Garry offering to bring in UNK flour, liquor and tobacco. Alexander UNK governor of Red River, and James UNK a chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company, ordered such UNK UNK to a value of UNK For its part the Hudson's Bay Company was troubled by the approach of American settlement. As the time drew near for the drawing of the UNK frontier by terms of the agreement of UNK the company suspected that the Pembina UNK its own post and Fort UNK was on American territory. Accordingly Selkirk's agents ordered the settlers to move north, and by October, John UNK had torn down both posts, floating the timber to "the Forks" in UNK "I have done UNK he wrote, "to break up the whole of that unfortunate establishment **h". Despite Company UNK duly carried through, to cut off supplies of powder, ball, and thread for fishing UNK about 350 persons stayed in the village. They would attempt to bring supplies from St& Louis or Prairie du Chien at "great expense as well as UNK At Fort Garry some of the Swiss also decided to cast their lot with the United States, and in UNK several families paid guides to take them to Fort Snelling. The UNK of UNK caused more to leave. After heavy UNK and an UNK of mice, snow fell on October 15, UNK and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick. In April came a rapid thaw that produced high waters which did not UNK until UNK On June 24 more than 400 families started the three-month trip across the UNK to the Mississippi. By fall, UNK survivors of this arduous journey were clustered about Fort UNK but most of them were sent on to UNK and St& Louis, with a few going as far as UNK Indiana, a notable Swiss center in the United States. In UNK UNK Red River people with more than 200 cattle were living on the reservation at Fort Snelling. Below the UNK high UNK extended UNK for six miles along the Mississippi River. At the point where they ended, another settlement grew up around a chapel built at the boat landing by Father Lucian UNK in UNK Its people, including Pierre UNK and other American UNK Company employees and the refugees from Fort Garry, were joined by the remaining Scots and Swiss from Fort Snelling when Major Joseph UNK expelled them from the reservation in May UNK The resultant town, UNK in UNK and named for the patron of Father UNK mission, St& UNK was to become an important center of the fur trade and was to take on a new interest for those UNK who remained at Red River. While population at Fort Garry increased rapidly, from UNK in UNK to UNK in UNK economic opportunities did not increase at a similar rate. Accordingly, though the practice violated the UNK provision of the Selkirk charter which reserved all such activity in merchandise and UNK to the Hudson's Bay Company, some settlers went into trade. The Company maintained a store at which products of England could be purchased and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in UNK Despite this UNK by 1844 some of the Fort Garry merchants were trading with the Indians for UNK In June 1845, the Governor and Council of UNK imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via Hudson's Bay which were viewed as aimed at the "very UNK of the Company's trade and UNK To reduce further the flow of goods from England, the Company's local officials asked that its London authorities refrain from UNK any more trade goods to these men. With their customary source of supply cut off, the Fort Garry free traders engaged three men to cart goods to them from the Mississippi country. Others carried UNK from "the Forks" to St& Paul and goods from St& Paul to Red River, as in the summer of UNK when one UNK UNK transported twenty barrels of whisky to the British settlement. This trade was subject to a tariff of 7.5 per cent after February UNK but much was smuggled into UNK with the result that the duty was reduced by UNK to 4 per cent on the initiative of the London committee. The trade in a few commodities noted above was to grow in volume as a result of changes both north and south of the UNK UNK The letters of the common soldiers are rich in humor. Indeed, no richer humor is to be found in the whole of American literature than in the letters of the UNK men who wore the blue and the UNK Some of their figures of speech were colorful and UNK A Confederate observed that the Yankees were: UNK than UNK on a hen and a dam site UNK Another reported that his comrades were "in fine spirits pitching around like a blind dog in a meat UNK A third wrote that it was UNK like UNK peas on a UNK Yanks were equally adept at figurative expression. One wrote: UNK am so UNK I could eat a rider off his horse + UNK at the UNK A second reported that the UNK houses in Virginia "look like the latter end of original sin and hard times". A third remarked of slowness of UNK "They moved about from corner to corner, as uneasy as a UNK of hungry UNK on the neck of a wooden UNK Still another, annoyed by the UNK of a recently received UNK wrote: UNK letter was short and sweet, UNK like a roasted UNK A Yankee UNK gave the following description of his UNK "My girl is none of your UNK girls. She is a regular UNK and UNK double UNK **h She is well-educated and UNK all UNK and UNK and Union from the muzzle to the UNK UNK found many modes of expression. A Texan wrote to a male companion at home: "What has become of UNK and UNK **h When you see them again give them my UNK not best respects now, but love by God". William R& UNK an admirable UNK whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the Georgia Department of UNK and History, liked to tease his wife in his letters. After he had been away from home about a year he wrote: UNK UNK If I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would UNK that I was married I don't feel much like a UNK man but I never UNK it UNK as to court UNK other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so UNK A UNK disturbed by his increasing UNK wrote: "I am growing so fat **h I am a burden 2 myself". Another Yank UNK the familiar UNK UNK "Now I lay me down to sleep, The UNK UNK my body UNK If they should bite before I UNK I pray the Lord their jaws to UNK Charles UNK a splendid Georgia soldier, differed from most of his comrades in the ranks in that he was the owner of a large UNK UNK and nearly fifty years of age. But he was very much like his associates in his hatred of camp routine. Near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two UNK name one of them UNK and the other UNK and then shoot them both, "and that will be the end of UNK and UNK The soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the Civil War armies were an earthy people. They talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body. One of the most common of camp UNK was UNK Men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as UNK of the UNK but a much more common designation was "the UNK A Michigan soldier stationed in Georgia wrote in UNK "I expect to be tough as a UNK as soon as I get over the Georgia UNK Johnny Rebs from the deep South who were plagued with UNK after transfer to the Virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the "the Virginia UNK A Georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of UNK "I have bin a little sick with UNK two or three days **h. I eat too much eggs and UNK it UNK UNK my UNK and turn loose on me". A Michigan soldier wrote his UNK "I am well at present with the exception I have got the UNK and I hope UNK few lines find you the UNK The letters which poured forth from camps were usually written under adverse circumstances. UNK for brief periods in UNK or winter quarters, soldiers rarely enjoyed the luxury of a writing desk or table. Most of the letters were written in the UNK of camp, on UNK pieces of bark, drum UNK or the knee. In the South, after the first year of the war, paper and ink were very UNK UNK of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of UNK i&e&, after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner, they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written. Sometimes soldiers wrote letters while bullets were UNK about their heads. A Yank writing from UNK May 28, UNK stated "Not less than 50 balls have passed over me since I commenced writing **h. I could tell you of plenty narrow UNK but we take no notice of them now". A UNK stationed near UNK informed his UNK "I need not tell you that I dodge pretty often **h for you can see that very plainly by the blots in this letter. Just count each blot a dodge and add in a few for I don't dodge every time". Another UNK writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta UNK "The Yankees keep UNK so I am afraid they will knock over my UNK so I will UNK #/3,# The most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their UNK But fathers often addressed communications to their small children; and these, full of homely advice, are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters. Rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters admonitions or greetings to members of the Negro community. Occasionally they would write to the slaves. Early in the war it was not uncommon for UNK sons to retain in camp Negro UNK UNK to perform the UNK chores such as cooking, UNK cleaning the quarters, shining shoes, and laundering clothes. Sometimes these servants wrote or dictated for enclosure with the letters of their UNK messages to their relatives and to members of their UNK families. UNK soldiers carried on correspondence with UNK at home. UNK to the restrained usages characteristic of UNK America, these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling. Occasionally gay young blades would write vividly to UNK companions at home about their UNK exploits in Richmond, Petersburg, Washington, or UNK But these comments are hardly UNK An Alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote UNK of his achievements among the Virginia UNK "They UNK I was a UNK I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all **h I would tell them I got a letter from home stating that five of my Negroes had runaway and ten of UNK But I UNK say I UNK he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore UNK UNK to a basin of UNK Some of the letters were UNK UNK An Ohio soldier who, from a UNK just returned from leave, received an UNK comment on the conduct of his sister, took pen in hand and delivered himself thus: UNK UNK UNK UNK he heard that you and hardy was a UNK together all the time and he though he UNK UNK quit having any thing UNK to UNK with you for he thought it was no more UNK **h. I think you made a dam good UNK to turn off as UNK a UNK as UNK UNK and let that UNK UNK UNK UNK card playing Sun of a UNK UNK to Sea you, the god UNK UNK and UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK he is too UNK for UNK **h. i will UNK him as shore as i Sea him". UNK into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions. A Federal UNK wrote to his father shortly after his first skirmish in UNK "Dear UNK **h. UNK out a UNK yesterday. We got to one house where there were five secessionist they UNK + run and UNK UNK out to shoot the UNK UNK of UNK and we all let go at them. UNK may say what they please but UNK UNK it is UNK Some of the UNK remarks made by soldiers in their letters were in UNK of unpopular officers. A Mississippi soldier wrote: "Our General UNK Davis **h is a UNK UNK illiterate UNK An UNK wrote: UNK Henry is UNK UNK fit for nothing higher than the cultivation of UNK A UNK stated that his officers were "not fit to UNK UNK to a UNK On December 9, UNK Sergeant Edwin H& UNK an unusual UNK who held A&B& and M&A& degrees from Harvard University and who before the war was headmaster of a private school for boys in Louisiana, wrote his UNK "I saw UNK and he is the most insignificant UNK I ever saw **h. His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment, much less a corps **h. Jackson **h runs first and his Cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader. He is not worth UNK But he is a West Point graduate and therefore must be born to UNK Similar comments about officers are to be found in the letters of Northern soldiers. A Massachusetts soldier, who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill UNK wrote: "The officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks **h. They get all the glory and most of the pay and don't earn ten cents UNK on the average, the UNK UNK Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote: "I am well convinced in My own UNK that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long UNK Another Yankee became so disgusted as to state: "I wish to God one half of our officers were knocked in the head by UNK them against [the other UNK No group of officers came in for more spirited denunciation than the doctors. One Federal soldier wrote: "The UNK is no a UNK **h hell will be UNK with UNK and UNK when this war is over". Shortly after the beginning of Sherman's Georgia campaign, an UNK Yank wrote his UNK "The surgeon insisted on UNK me to the hospital for treatment. I insisted on UNK the field and UNK thinking that I had better die by rebel bullets than UNK Union UNK The attitudes which the Rebs and Yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling, from friendliness to extreme hatred. The Rebs were, to a Massachusetts UNK UNK madmen or not men at all but whiskey + UNK put into a human UNK A Pennsylvania soldier wrote that "they were the hardest looking set of men that Ever i saw they UNK as if they had been fed on vinegar and UNK **h". Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light UNK wrote in his UNK "I UNK among the UNK on the right **h found some of the UNK specimens of humanity I think in the universe their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect UNK UNK as how UNK all would be a heap UNK to UNK UNK In a similar vein, but writing from the opposite side, Thomas Taylor, a private in the 6th Alabama UNK in a letter to his wife, stated: "You know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have UNK at home when my country is invaded by a UNK foe By a set of cowardly UNK whose UNK is UNK **h. THE UNK OF UNK IN UNK UNK IN UNK UNK to the popularity of nationalism in America. And the emphasis on nationalism in America is in proportion to the growth of American influence across the world. Thus, if we are to observe American folklore in the twentieth century, we will do well to establish the relationships between UNK nationalism and UNK at the UNK Historians have come to recognize two cardinal facts concerning nationalism and international influence. 1) Every age UNK the events of its history in terms of what should have been, creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions. What actually occurred in the past is seldom as important as what a given generation feels must have occurred. 2) As a country UNK its cultural and political attitudes on others, it searches its heritage in hopes of justifying its UNK Its folklore and legend, usually disguised as history, are allowed to account for group actions, to provide a focal point for group loyalty, and to become a cohesive force for national identification. One can apply these facts to Britain in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries as she spread her dominion over palm and UNK and they can be applied again to the United States in more recent years. The popularity of local color literature before the UNK War, the steady currency of the Lincoln myth, the increased emphasis on the frontier west in our mass media are cases in point. Nor is it an accident that baseball, growing into the national game in the last 75 years, has become a UNK of American life, that learned societies such as the American Folklore Society and the American Historical Association were founded in the UNK or that courses in American literature, American civilization, American anything have swept our school and college UNK Of course, nationalism has really UNK its usefulness in a country as UNK as ours, and its continued existence reflects one of the major culture lags of the twentieth-century United States. Yet nationalism has lost few of its UNK for the historian, writer or man in the street. It is an understandable paradox that most American history and most American literature is today written from an essentially UNK and UNK point of view at the very time America is spreading her dominion over palm and UNK After all, the average American as he lies and UNK for the enemy in Korea or as she UNK the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal, economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal UNK comprehension and control. UNK identification with an international struggle, whether warlike or UNK requires absurd UNK and intense emotional UNK Such identification comes for each group in each crisis by UNK history into legend and developing appropriate national heroes. In America, such UNK has served a particularly useful purpose. A heterogeneous people have needed it to attain an element of cultural and political cohesion in a new and ever-changing land. But we must never forget, most of the appropriate heroes and their legends were created overnight, to answer immediate needs, almost always with conscious aims and ends. UNK UNK George Washington became the symbol of honesty and the father image of the UNK States. Abraham Lincoln emerged as an UNK of the national Constitution. Robert E& Lee represented the dignity needed by a UNK UNK And their roles are paralleled by those of UNK Henry, Nathan UNK Andrew Jackson, UNK UNK Theodore Roosevelt and many, many more. Therefore, the UNK as he looks at our national folklore of the last 60 years, will be mindful of two facts. 1) Most of the legends that are created to fan the fires of patriotism are essentially propagandistic and are not folk legends at all. 2) The concept that an "American national UNK exists is itself probably another propagandistic UNK Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people UNK vary and UNK through oral UNK It has come to mean UNK UNK tales, songs, UNK UNK UNK UNK and such literary forms of expression. Related to written literature, and often remaining temporarily frozen in written form, it loses its vitality when UNK or removed from its oral existence. Though it may exist in either UNK or illiterate societies, it assumes a role of true cultural importance only in the latter. In its propagandistic and commercial haste to discover our folk UNK the public has remained ignorant of definitions such as this. UNK Americans have swept UNK and bogus materials like Paul UNK tales, UNK Lincoln UNK and labor union songs up as true products of our American oral tradition. Nor have we remembered that in the melting pot of America the hundreds of isolated and UNK UNK regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and UNK had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material. Naturally, such scholarly facts are of little concern to the man trying to make money or fan patriotism by means of UNK That much of what he calls folklore is the result of beliefs carefully UNK among the people with the conscious aim of producing a desired mass emotional reaction to a particular situation or set of situations is irrelevant. As long as his material is UNK can in some way be ascribed to the masses and appears UNK to his audience, he remains satisfied. From all this we can now see that two streams of development run through the history of twentieth-century American UNK On the one side we have the university professors and their students, trained in UNK methods of research, who have sought out, collected and studied the true products of the oral traditions of the UNK regional and occupational groups that make up this nation. On the other we have the UNK and the national UNK who have been willing to use any UNK UNK UNK or colonial material UNK Unfortunately, few of the artists UNK movie UNK UNK and UNK who have used American folklore since 1900 have known enough to distinguish between the two streams even in the most general of ways. After all, the field is large, difficult to define and seldom taught properly to American undergraduates. In addition, this country has been settled by many peoples of many UNK and their lore has become UNK slowly, in an age of print and easy communication, within an ever-expanding and changing society. The problems confuse even the experts. For that matter, the experts themselves are a mixed breed. UNK UNK historians and such by profession, they approach their discipline as UNK UNK commercial UNK analysts or some combination of the UNK They have widely varying backgrounds and aims. They have little UNK de UNK The outlook for the amateur, for instance, is usually dependent on his fondness for local history or for the UNK His love of folklore has UNK in it, and he doesn't care much about the UNK or the UNK Folklore is his UNK and he, all too UNK wishes it to remain as such. The amateur is closely related to the UNK who is actually no more than the amateur who has taken to the field. The UNK enjoys the contact with rural life; he UNK folklore for the very UNK and UNK reasons that many persons hunt UNK and only rarely is he acutely concerned with the meaning of what he has UNK UNK both these types, the amateur and the UNK are uncritical and many of them don't distinguish well between real folklore and bogus material. But there are also the commercial propagandists and the UNK one dominated by money, the other by nineteenth-century German scholarship. Both are primarily concerned with the uses that can be made of the material that the UNK has found. Both UNK at the thought of proceeding too far beyond the sewage system and the electric light lines. The commercial UNK who can't afford to be critical, gets along well with the amateur, from whom he UNK but he frequently steps on the analyst's toes by refusing to keep his material UNK His standards are, of course, completely foreign to those of the UNK To both the amateur and the commercial UNK the analyst lacks a soul, lacks appreciation with his endless UNK and UNK UNK by the vicious circle of the university promotion system, the analyst looks down on and gets along poorly with the other three groups, although he cannot deny his debt to the UNK The knowledge that most Americans have of folklore comes through contact with commercial propagandists and a few energetic UNK and collectors. The work done by the UNK the men who really know what folklore is all about, has no more appeal than any other work of a truly scientific sort and reaches a limited, learned audience. UNK want books that will UNK recording UNK want discs that will not seem strange to ears used to hillbilly and jazz music, grade and high schools want UNK but moral, material. The analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in. As a result, most people don't have more than a vague idea what folklore actually UNK they see it as a UNK of UNK moral legends and patriotic UNK with a superstition or remedy thrown in here and there. And so well is such ignorance preserved by the amateur and the UNK that even at the college level most of the UNK folklore courses given in the United States survive on sentiment and nationalism alone. If one wishes to discuss a literary figure who uses folklore in his work, the first thing he must realize is that the literary figure is probably part of this ignorant American public. And while every writer must be dealt with as a special case, the interested student will want to ask himself a number of questions about each. Does the writer know the difference between an UNK ballad or tall tale and a true product of the UNK When the writer uses material does he UNK with it to improve its commercial effect or does he leave it UNK Is the writer UNK Is he swept away by sentiment and nostalgia for an America that UNK Or does he sincerely want to tap the real springs of American attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be? When he gets the answers to his questions he will be discouraged. In the first place, a good many writers who are said to use UNK do not, unless one counts an occasional superstition or UNK Robert UNK for instance, writes about rural life in New England, but he does not include any significant amount of folklore in his poems. This has not, however, prevented publishers from labeling him a "folk UNK simply because he is a rural one. In the second place, a large number of writers, making a more direct claim than UNK to being "folk UNK of one sort or another, clearly make no distinctions between genuine and bogus material. Stephen Vincent UNK <John Brown's UNK comes immediately to mind in this connection, as does John UNK <The UNK of UNK and Carl Sandburg's <The UNK UNK The last two writers introduce strong political bias into their works, and not unlike the union leaders that we will discuss soon, see folklore as a reservoir of protest by a UNK and UNK UNK mass. UNK as used by such writers, really reflects images engraved into it by the very person using it. The folk are simply not homogeneous with respect to nation or political attitude. In fact, there is much evidence to indicate they don't care a bit about anything beyond their particular regional, ethnic and occupational limits. Nevertheless, with a reading public that UNK for the "good old UNK and with an awareness of our expanding international interests, it is easy for the UNK to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of UNK real or UNK and it is easy for the UNK and UNK to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the UNK As part of the same arrangement, Torrio had, in the spirit of peace and good will, and in exchange for armed support in the April election campaign, bestowed upon O'Banion a third share in the Hawthorne UNK Shop proceeds and a cut in the Cicero beer trade. The coalition was to prove UNK O'Banion was a complex and frightening man, whose bright blue eyes stared with a kind of frozen UNK into UNK He had a round, frank Irish face, UNK in a UNK grin that stayed UNK in place even when he was pumping bullets into someone's body. He carried three UNK one in the right UNK UNK one under his left UNK one in the left outside coat UNK and was equally UNK with both hands. He killed accurately, freely, and UNK The police credited him with twenty-five UNK but he was never brought to trial for one of them. Like a fair number of UNK he disliked alcohol. He was an expert UNK UNK UNK in the arrangement of UNK and UNK He had no apparent comprehension of UNK he divided humanity into UNK UNK and UNK UNK and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and UNK under. He had what was described by a psychologist as a UNK UNK He walked with a heavy list to the right, as that leg was four inches shorter than the other, but the UNK did not reduce his UNK UNK with his UNK UNK thought him "just a superior sort of UNK but he was, in fact, with his aggression and UNK and UNK indifference to UNK or UNK pain, a UNK UNK He was also at this time, although not so interwoven in high politics and the UNK as Torrio and UNK the most powerful and most dangerous mob leader in the Chicago UNK the UNK king. O'Banion was born in poverty, the son of an immigrant Irish UNK in the North UNK Little UNK close by the UNK quarter and Death UNK He had been a choir boy at the Holy UNK UNK and also served as an UNK to Father UNK The influence of Mass was less pervasive than that of the UNK slum UNK among the bawdy houses, UNK and sawdust saloons of his UNK he ran wild with the child UNK of the UNK and went through the normal UNK course of UNK UNK and UNK At the age of UNK when he was working as a UNK in the UNK he was knocked down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg. Because of this he was known as UNK UNK as with UNK and his nickname of UNK never in his UNK In his teens O'Banion was enrolled in the vicious Market Street gang and he became a singing waiter in UNK UNK a UNK low and rowdy dive in North Clark Street, where UNK customers were methodically UNK of their money by the singing waiters before being thrown out. He then got a job with the Chicago UNK as a circulation UNK a rough fighter employed to see that his UNK news UNK were not UNK upon by rival UNK He was also at the same time gaining practical experience as a safe UNK and UNK and learning how to shoot to kill from a UNK convicted UNK named Gene UNK later committed to Chester UNK as a UNK UNK but whose eyes UNK with tears when the young UNK sang a ballad about an Irish mother in his clear and UNK UNK O'Banion's first conflict with the police came in UNK at UNK when he was committed to UNK UNK for three months for UNK two years later he served another three months for UNK Those were his only UNK behind bars, although he collected four more charges on his police record in 1921 and UNK three for burglary and one for UNK But by now O'Banion's political pull was beginning to be effective. On the occasion of his 1922 indictment the $10,000 bond was furnished by an UNK and the charge was UNK UNK On one of his 1921 ventures he was actually come upon by a Detective Sergeant John J& UNK down on his knees with a tool embedded in a UNK office safe in the UNK Telegraph UNK the jury wanted better evidence than that and he was UNK at a cost of $30,000 in UNK it was UNK As promptly as UNK O'Banion jumped into UNK He conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the UNK but he had his huge North Side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money. Unlike the UNK he UNK conducted UNK UNK and UNK UNK and refused to touch UNK He was also personally active in ward politics, and by 1924 O'Banion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state: "I always deliver my UNK as per UNK But whose UNK Until 1924 O'Banion UNK and UNK UNK had kept his North Side domain solidly UNK There was a UNK UNK that went around at that time: UNK UNK carry the UNK and UNK UNK A& UNK in his pistol UNK But as November 1924 drew close the Democratic hierarchy was sorely troubled by UNK reports that O'Banion was being UNK by the UNK and was meeting and UNK with important Republicans. To forestall any change of UNK the Democrats hastily UNK a UNK banquet for UNK as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his loyalties UNK The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West. It was an interesting UNK of UNK union UNK ward UNK UNK officials, and UNK The guest list is in itself a little UNK of the state of American civic life at this time. It included the top O'Banion men and Chief of UNK Michael UNK When Mayor UNK heard of the banquet he summoned Hughes for an explanation of why he had been UNK the police department by UNK with these UNK and UNK Hughes said that he had understood the party was to be in UNK of Jerry UNK the UNK of a UNK gambling house. "But when I arrived and UNK a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times, I knew I had been UNK and withdrew almost at UNK In fact, UNK was UNK during the ceremony with the presentation of a UNK diamond UNK There was a brief interruption while one of O'Banion's men UNK out both his guns and threatened to shoot a waiter who was UNK him for a UNK Then O'Banion was presented with a platinum watch set with UNK and UNK This dinner was the start of a new UNK in the relationship between the UNK and the politicians, which, prior to 1924, says UNK "had been maintained with more or less UNK but which henceforth was marked by these UNK UNK denounced by a clergyman as UNK UNK at which UNK UNK cheek by UNK with UNK openly, in the big downtown UNK UNK UNK "They became an institution of the Chicago scene and marked the way to the moral and financial collapse of the municipal and county governments in UNK However, this inaugural UNK did its sponsors no good UNK O'Banion accepted his platinum watch and the UNK to his loyalty, and proceeded with the bigger and better Republican deal. On Election UNK November 4- he UNK UNK his force of UNK men, UNK and experts in UNK repeat UNK The result was a UNK for the Republican candidates. This further demonstration of O'Banion's UNK power did not please Torrio and UNK In the past year there had been too many examples of his UNK UNK and UNK for their UNK He behaved publicly with a UNK UNK UNK that UNK their UNK Latin minds, and behaved towards them personally with an UNK UNK that UNK them beneath their UNK They were disturbed by his idiotic UNK as, when his UNK Yankee UNK complained that he had been UNK by Dave Miller, a UNK UNK UNK of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation, who were UNK a UNK in loose UNK league with Torrio and UNK UNK a UNK and UNK the UNK To settle this slight, O'Banion went down to the La UNK Theatre in the UNK where, he had learned, Dave Miller was attending the opening of a musical comedy. At the end of the performance, Dave and Max came out into the brilliantly lit UNK among a surge of UNK and UNK first UNK O'Banion drew his guns and fired at UNK severely UNK him in the UNK A second bullet UNK off UNK belt UNK leaving him UNK but in some distress. O'Banion tucked away his gun and walked out of the UNK he was neither prosecuted nor even UNK That sort of UNK for that sort of reason, in the view of Torrio and UNK was a nonsense. A further example of the UNK difference in personalities was when two policemen held up a Torrio beer convoy on a West Side street and demanded $300 to let it through. One of the UNK telephoned UNK on a line tapped by the detective UNK and reported the situation. O'Banion's reaction was: UNK hundred UNK To them UNK Why, I can get them knocked off for half that much". Upon which the detective bureau UNK rifle UNK to prevent trouble if O'Banion should send his gunmen out to deal with the UNK UNK But in the meantime the UNK unhappy with this solution, telephoned Torrio and returned to O'Banion with the UNK UNK UNK I just been talking to UNK and he said to let them UNK have the three hundred. He says he don't want no trouble". But Torrio and UNK had UNK cause to hate and UNK the UNK For three years, since the liquor territorial conference, Torrio had, with his elastic patience, and because he knew that UNK could cause only violent warfare and disaster to business, UNK O'Banion's UNK UNK They had suffered, in sulky silence, the sight of his sharp practice in UNK When, as a diplomatic gesture of UNK and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election, Torrio had given O'Banion a slice of UNK the profits from that district had been $20,000 a month. In six months O'Banion had boosted the profits to $100,000 a UNK mainly by bringing pressure to bear on fifty Chicago UNK proprietors to shift out to the UNK These UNK customers had until then been buying their supplies from the UNK UNK and UNK gangs, and now they were competing for trade with the UNK UNK once again O'Banion's UNK UNK had caused a proliferation of ill will. The revenue from O'Banion's Cicero territory went up still higher, until the yield was more than the UNK UNK from the far bigger trade area of Chicago's South and West UNK But he still showed no intention of sharing with the UNK At last, even the controlled Torrio was unable to hold still, and he tentatively suggested that O'Banion should take a percentage in the Stickney UNK in return for one from his Cicero beer UNK O'Banion's reply was a raucous laugh and a flat UNK Still more UNK bitterness was engendered by the O'Banion UNK seizure from a West Side UNK yard of a UNK load of Canadian whisky worth $100,000 and by one of the biggest UNK of the Prohibition UNK the UNK warehouse UNK which became famous for the cool UNK of the operation. Here was stored UNK worth of UNK UNK These UNK cases were UNK off in a UNK operation by the O'Banion men, who left in their stead the same number of barrels filled with water. A tsunami may be started by a sea bottom UNK an earthquake or a UNK UNK The most infamous of all was launched by the explosion of the island of UNK in UNK it raced across the Pacific at 300 miles an hour, UNK the coasts of UNK and UNK with waves 100 to 130 feet high, and UNK the shore as far away as San Francisco. The ancient Greeks recorded several catastrophic UNK by huge waves. Whether or not Plato's tale of the lost continent of UNK is true, UNK concede that the myth may have some foundation in a great tsunami of ancient times. Indeed, a tremendously destructive tsunami that arose in the UNK Sea in 1945 has even revived the interest of UNK and UNK in the Biblical story of the UNK One of the most UNK tsunami on record followed the famous UNK earthquake of November 1, UNK its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast. UNK are UNK however, in the Atlantic UNK they are far more common in the Pacific. Japan has had 15 destructive ones UNK of them UNK since UNK The Hawaiian Islands are struck severely an average of once every 25 years. In UNK an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the UNK UNK one wave UNK more than 1,000 ships and boats in Osaka Bay. A tsunami in the Hawaiian Islands in UNK washed away an entire town UNK leaving only two UNK trees standing where the community had been. In 1896 a Japanese tsunami killed UNK people and swept away 10,000 homes. The dimensions of these waves UNK all our usual standards of UNK An ordinary sea wave is rarely more than a few hundred feet long from crest to UNK no longer than UNK feet in the Atlantic or 1,000 feet in the Pacific. But a tsunami often extends more than 100 miles and sometimes as much as 600 miles from crest to UNK While a wind wave never UNK at more than 60 miles per hour, the velocity of a tsunami in the open sea must be reckoned in hundreds of miles per hour. The greater the depth of the water, the greater is the speed of the UNK UNK law says that its velocity is equal to the square root of the product of the depth times the acceleration due to UNK In the deep waters of the Pacific these waves reach a speed of 500 miles per hour. UNK are so shallow in comparison with their length that in the open ocean they are hardly UNK Their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet from trough to UNK Usually it is only when they approach shallow water on the shore that they build up to their UNK heights. On the fateful day in 1896 when the great waves approached Japan, fishermen at sea noticed no unusual UNK Not until they sailed home at the end of the day, through a sea strewn with bodies and the UNK of houses, were they aware of what had happened. The seemingly quiet ocean had crashed a wall of water from 10 to 100 feet high upon beaches crowded with UNK UNK thousands of them and UNK villages along the shore. The giant waves are more dangerous on flat shores than on steep ones. They usually range from 20 to 60 feet in height, but when they pour into a UNK UNK or harbor they may rise to mountainous proportions. UNK the first UNK of a tsunami is a rather sharp UNK not different enough from an ordinary wave to alarm casual UNK This is followed by a tremendous suck of water away from the shore as the first great trough UNK UNK are left high and dry, and the beaches are covered with stranded UNK At Hilo large numbers of people ran out to inspect the amazing spectacle of the UNK beach. Many of them paid for their curiosity with their lives, for some minutes later the first giant wave roared over the shore. After an earthquake in Japan in 1793 people on the coast at UNK were so terrified by the extraordinary UNK of the sea that they UNK to higher ground. When a second UNK came, they dashed back to the beach, fearing that they might be buried under UNK Just as they reached the shore, the first huge wave crashed upon them. A tsunami is not a single wave but a series. The waves are separated by intervals of 15 minutes to an hour or more (because of their great UNK and this has often UNK people into thinking after the first great wave has crashed that it is all over. The waves may keep coming for many hours. Usually the third to the eighth waves in the series are the UNK Among the observers of the 1946 tsunami at Hilo was Francis P& UNK of the UNK Institution of UNK one of the world's foremost marine UNK He was able to make a detailed inspection of the waves. Their onrush and UNK he reported, was accompanied by a great UNK roaring and UNK The third and fourth waves seemed to be the UNK On some of the UNK beaches the waves came in UNK they were UNK on the shores facing the direction of the UNK from which the waves had come. In Hilo Bay they were from 21 to 26 feet high. The highest waves, 55 feet, occurred at UNK UNK Scientists and fishermen have occasionally seen strange UNK of the phenomenon. During a 1933 tsunami in Japan the sea glowed brilliantly at night. The UNK of the water is now believed to have been caused by the stimulation of vast numbers of the UNK organism UNK UNK by the turbulence of the sea. Japanese fishermen have sometimes observed that UNK hauled up in their UNK during a tsunami have enormously swollen UNK the fish have swallowed vast numbers of UNK UNK raised to the surface by the UNK The waves of a UNK tsunami in UNK Bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of UNK that normally live at a depth of 3,000 feet. UNK fishermen hauled them in by the UNK The UNK system developed since the 1946 disaster in Hawaii relies mainly on a simple and ingenious instrument devised by Commander C& K& Green of the Coast and UNK Survey staff. It consists of a series of pipes and a UNK chamber which record the rise and fall of the water surface. Ordinary water tides are UNK But when waves with a period of between 10 and 40 minutes begin to roll over the ocean, they set in motion a corresponding UNK in a column of mercury which closes an electric UNK This in turn sets off an UNK UNK the observers at the station that a tsunami is in progress. Such equipment has been installed at UNK UNK UNK and Dutch Harbor. The moment the alarm goes off, information is immediately forwarded to UNK which is the center of the warning system. This center also receives prompt reports on earthquakes from four Coast Survey stations in the Pacific which are equipped with UNK Its staff makes a preliminary determination of the epicenter of the UNK and UNK tide stations near the epicenter for a UNK By means of charts showing UNK times and depths in the ocean at various locations, it is possible to estimate the rate of approach and probable time of arrival at Hawaii of a tsunami getting under way at any spot in the Pacific. The civil and military authorities are then advised of the danger, and they issue warnings and take all necessary protective steps. All of these activities are UNK to a UNK communication system, and practice tests have been held to assure that everything will work UNK Since the 1946 disaster there have been 15 tsunami in the Pacific, but only one was of any UNK On November 4, 1952, an earthquake occurred under the sea off the UNK UNK At UNK that afternoon UNK UNK the shock was recorded by the UNK alarm in UNK The warning system immediately went into action. Within about an hour with the help of reports from UNK stations in Alaska, Arizona and California, the UNK epicenter was placed at 51 degrees North latitude and UNK degrees East UNK While accounts of the progress of the tsunami came in from various points in the Pacific UNK reported it was covered with nine feet of UNK the Hawaiian station made its calculations and notified the military services and the police that the first big wave would arrive at Honolulu at UNK Greenwich time. It turned out that the waves were not so high as in UNK They UNK a cement barge against a UNK in Honolulu UNK knocked down telephone lines, UNK automobiles, flooded UNK killed six cows. But not a single human life was lost, and property damage in the Hawaiian Islands did not exceed UNK There is little doubt that the warning system saved lives and reduced the UNK But it is plain that a warning system, however UNK is not enough. In the vulnerable areas of the Pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed UNK or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves. ## The key to the world of UNK is UNK nothing remains the same. Life has evolved from simple combinations of molecules in the sea to complex combinations in man. The land, too, is UNK and earthquakes are daily UNK of this. UNK result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break. Sometimes this is accompanied by visible shifts of the ground UNK often the shifts cannot be seen, but they are there; and everywhere can be found scars of earlier breaks once deeply UNK Today's earthquakes are most numerous in belts where the earth's UNK is presently UNK but scars of the past show that there is no part of the earth that has not had them. The effects of earthquakes on civilization have been widely UNK even UNK The role of an earthquake in starting the destruction of whole cities is tremendously UNK but fire may actually be the principal agent in a particular disaster. UNK has often blended with fact to color reports. We have learned from earthquakes much of what we now know about the earth's UNK for they send waves through the earth which emerge with information about the materials through which they have UNK These waves have shown that UNK miles below the surface a liquid core UNK and that it, in turn, has a solid inner core. UNK originate as far as 400 miles below the surface, but they do not occur at greater depths. Two UNK mysteries are based on these facts. (1) As far down as 400 miles below the surface the material should be hot enough to be plastic and adjust itself to twisting forces by UNK flow rather than by UNK as rigid surface rocks do. (2) If earthquakes do occur at such UNK why not UNK UNK gained from studying earthquake waves has been applied in various fields. In the search for oil and gas, we make similar waves under controlled conditions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources. We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they UNK The following discussion of this subject has been adapted from the book UNK of UNK by L& Don UNK #THE UNK UNK AND ITS UNK UNK twelve minutes after five on the morning of UNK April 18, UNK San Francisco was shaken by a severe UNK A sharp UNK was followed by a UNK UNK UNK UNK County UNK near the River UNK there is a quiet little suburb by the name of Garryowen, which means UNK of UNK Undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influence their town has had on American military history, or the deeds of UNK that have been done in its name. The cry "Garryowen"! bursting from the lips of a charging cavalry trooper was the last sound heard on this earth by UNK numbers of UNK UNK and UNK Mexican UNK under UNK UNK Japanese in the South Pacific, and Chinese and North Korean Communists in Korea. Garryowen is the battle cry of the 7th U& S& Cavalry UNK "The Fighting UNK Today a battle cry may seem an UNK for in the modern Army, <esprit de corps> has been UNK to organizational charts and tables. But don't tell that to a veteran of the Fighting UNK especially in a saloon on Saturday night. Of all the thousands of men who have served in the 7th UNK perhaps no one knows its spirit better than Lieutenant Colonel UNK C& Chandler. UNK and UNK with steel blue eyes and a chest UNK with UNK Chandler is the UNK of the old-time UNK The truth is, however, that when Mel Chandler first reported to the regiment the only UNK he had ever ridden was a UNK chair and the only weapon he had ever wielded was a pencil. Chandler had been UNK in the Medical Service Corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the Kansas City Medical Depot when he decided that if he was going to make the Army his career, he wanted to be in the fighting part of it. Though he knew no more about military science and tactics than any other desk officer, he managed to get transferred to the combat forces. The next thing he knew he was reporting for duty as commanding officer of Troop UNK 7th UNK in the middle of corps maneuvers in Japan. Outside of combat, he couldn't have landed in a tougher spot. First of all, no unit likes to have a new ~CO brought in from the outside, especially when he's an armchair UNK Second, if there is ever a perfect time to pull the rug out from under him, it's on UNK In combat, helping your ~CO make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed. But in UNK with the top brass watching him all the time, it's easy. Chandler understood this and expected the UNK But his first few days with Troop ~H were full of UNK beginning with First Sergeant Robert UNK Chandler had expected a tough old trooper with a gravel voice. Instead Sergeant Early was quiet, sharp and UNK He had enlisted in the Army straight out of high school and had immediately set about learning his new trade. There was no weapon Early could not take apart and UNK UNK He could lead a patrol and he knew his paper work. Further, he had taken full advantage of the Army's correspondence courses. He not only knew UNK but mathematics, history and literature as well. But for all his UNK confidence, Sergeant Early was right out of the Garryowen mold. He was filled with the spirit of the Fighting Seventh. That saved Mel Chandler. Sergeant Early let the new ~CO know just how lucky he was to be in the best troop in the best regiment in the United States Army. He fed the captain bits of history about the troops and the regiment. For example, it was a UNK of the 7th Cavalry under Colonel George Armstrong Custer that had been wiped out at the Battle of The Little Big UNK It didn't take Captain Chandler long to realize that he had to carry a heavy load of tradition on his shoulders as commander of Troop ~H. But what made the load lighter was the realization that every officer, UNK and trooper was ready and willing to help him carry it, for the good of the troop and the regiment. UNK over, the 7th returned to UNK duty in UNK Captain Chandler still with them. It was the 7th Cavalry whose troopers were charged with guarding the Imperial Palace of the UNK But still Mel Chandler was not completely convinced that men would really die for a UNK word, UNK The final proof was a small incident. It happened at the St& Patrick's Day party, a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish UNK In the middle of the party Chandler looked up to see four smiling faces bearing down upon him, each beaming above the UNK UNK UNK he had ever seen. The faces belonged to Lieutenant Marvin Goulding, his wife and their two children. And when the singing began, it was the UNK who sang the old Irish songs the best. Though there was an occasional UNK UNK about Marvin Goulding, the Jewish officer from Chicago, singing UNK about the UNK UNK no one really thought it was UNK For Marvin Goulding, like UNK UNK the UNK boy who carried UNK last message, or UNK UNK the one-man Army on UNK was a Garryowen, through and through. It was no coincidence that Goulding was one of the most beloved platoon leaders in the regiment. And so Mel Chandler got the spirit of UNK He set out to keep Troop ~H the best troop in the best regiment. One of his innovations was to see to it that every man- cook and clerk as well as UNK qualified with every weapon in the UNK Even the mess UNK Bill Brown, a UNK UNK transfer from an airborne division, went out on the range. The troop received a new leader, Lieutenant Robert M& Carroll, fresh out of UNK and UNK for Regular Army status. Carroll was sharp and military, but he was up against tough competition for that UNK UNK and he wanted to play it cool. So Mel Chandler set out to sell him on the spirit of Garryowen, just as he himself had been sold a short time before. When the Korean war began, on June 25, 1950, the anniversary of the day Custer had gone down fighting at the Little Big Horn and the day the regiment had assaulted the UNK of UNK during World War /2,, the 7th Cavalry was not in the best fighting condition. Its entire complement of UNK officers on the platoon level had departed as cadre for another unit, and its vehicles were still those used in the drive across UNK in World War /2,. Just a month after the Korean War broke out, the 7th Cavalry was moving into the lines, ready for UNK From then on the Fighting Seventh was in the thick of the UNK fighting in Korea. One night on the UNK River, Mel Chandler called on that fabled <esprit de UNK The regiment was dug in on the east side of the river and the North Koreans were steadily building up a concentration of crack troops on the other side. The troopers knew an attack was coming, but they didn't know when, and they didn't know UNK At 6 o'clock on the morning of August 12, they were in doubt no longer. Then it came, against Troop ~H. The enemy had filtered across the river during the night and a full force of 1000 men, armed with Russian machine guns, attacked the position held by UNK men. They came in waves. First came the cannon UNK white-clad UNK being driven into death as a massive human UNK UNK They were followed by crack North Korean troops, who mounted one charge after another. They UNK the 7th UNK forward UNK positions through sheer weight of numbers, over UNK of their own dead. Another force UNK the company and took up a position on a hill to the UNK Captain Chandler saw that it was building up strength. He assembled a group of 25 men, composed of wounded troopers awaiting UNK the company clerk, supply men, cooks and UNK and led them to the hill. One of the more seriously wounded was Lieutenant Carroll, the young officer UNK for the Regular Army. Chandler left Carroll at the bottom of the hill to direct any UNK he could find to the fight. Then Mel Chandler started up the hill. He took one step, two, broke into a trot and then into a run. The first thing he knew the words "Garryowen"! burst from his throat. His followers shouted the old battle cry after him and charged the hill, firing as they ran. The Koreans fell back, but UNK at the top of the hill and UNK down the UNK with a screen of fire. UNK looking to right and left to see how his men were UNK suddenly saw another figure UNK up the hill, UNK grenades and hollering the battle cry as he ran. It was Bob Carroll, who had suddenly found himself UNK with the spirit of UNK He had formed his own task force of three UNK and led them up the hill in a Fighting Seventh charge. Because of this UNK attack the main group that had been UNK down on the hill was able to surge forward again. But an enemy UNK hit Carroll in the head and UNK simultaneously. He went down like a wet rag and the UNK hit the dirt in the face of the UNK enemy fire. UNK UNK came pouring down, seeking a soft spot. They found it at the junction between UNK ~H and UNK and prepared to UNK Marvin Goulding saw what was UNK He turned to his UNK UNK men", he said. UNK me". Goulding leaped to his feet and started forward, "Garryowen"! on his lips, his men following. But the bullets UNK home before he finished his battle cry and Marvin Goulding fell dead. For an instant his men hesitated, unable to believe that their UNK the most popular officer in the regiment, was dead. Then they let out a UNK of anguish and rage and, UNK screaming and hollering "Garryowen"! they charged into the enemy like wild men. That finished the job that Captain Chandler and Lieutenant Carroll had begun. UNK platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack. UNK came up quickly to take advantage of the opening made by UNK UNK The North Koreans threw away their guns and fled across the rice UNK UNK and air strikes were called in to kill them by the hundreds. Though Bob Carroll seemed to have had his head practically blown off by the exploding UNK he lived. Today he is a UNK in the Regular Army. So filled was Mel Chandler with the spirit of Garryowen that after Korea was over, he took on the job of writing the complete history of the regiment. After years of UNK nights and UNK he put together the big, UNK illustrated book, UNK Garryowen and UNK which is probably the most complete history of any military unit. ## The battle of the UNK River is just one example of how the battle cry and the spirit of The Fighting Seventh have paid off. For nearly a century the cry has never failed to rally the fighting men of the regiment. Take the case of Major Marcus A& UNK who survived the Battle of The Little Big Horn in UNK From the enlisted men he UNK to the subordinate officer whose wife he tried to UNK a lot of men had plenty of reason heartily to dislike Marcus UNK Many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him. But when a board of inquiry was called to look into the charges of UNK made against him, the men who had seen Reno leave the battlefield and the officer who had heard Reno suggest that the wounded be left to be tortured by the UNK refused to say a harsh word against him. He was a member of The Fighting Seventh. Although it was at the Battle of The Little Horn, about which more words have been written than any other battle in American history, that the 7th Cavalry first made its mark in history, the regiment was ten years old by then. UNK Major General George Armstrong Custer was the UNK first permanent commander and, like such generals as George S& UNK and Terry de la UNK Allen in their rise to military UNK Custer was a believer in blood and UNK warfare. During the Civil War, UNK who achieved a brilliant record, was made brigadier general at the age of 23. He finished the war as a major general, commanding a full division, and at 25 was the youngest major general in the history of the U& S& Army. I do not mean to suggest that these assumptions are UNK in the sense that everyone agrees with them. If they were, Walter Lippmann would be writing the same columns as George UNK and UNK would have nothing to draw cartoons about. I do mean, however, that UNK take them for granted, and that everything I shall be saying would appear quite idiotic against any contrary assumptions. _ASSUMPTION UNK The ultimate objective of American policy is to help establish a world in which there is the largest possible measure of freedom and justice and peace and material UNK and in UNK since this is our special UNK that these conditions be enjoyed by the people of the United States. I speak of "the largest possible UNK because any person who UNK that these conditions can be universally and perfectly UNK UNK UNK without the inherent UNK of himself and his fellow human beings, and is therefore a dangerous man to have around. _ASSUMPTION 2._ These conditions are UNK are not even UNK in the qualified sense I have UNK without the prior defeat of world Communism. This is true for two reasons: because Communism is both UNK and in practice, UNK to these conditions; and because Communists have the will and, as long as Soviet power remains intact, the capacity to prevent their UNK Moreover, as Communist power increases, the enjoyment of these conditions throughout the world UNK <pro UNK and the possibility of their restoration becomes increasingly UNK _ASSUMPTION 3._ It follows that victory over Communism is the UNK UNK goal of American policy. UNK in the sense that there are more UNK more UNK ends we UNK to which victory over Communism is but a means. But dominant in the sense that every other objective, no matter how worthy UNK must UNK to it. Peace is a worthy objective; but if we must choose between peace and keeping the Communists out of Berlin, then we must fight. UNK in the sense of self-determination, is a worthy objective; but if granting self-determination to the Algerian rebels entails sweeping that area into the UNK orbit, then Algerian freedom must be UNK Justice is a worthy objective; but if justice for Bantus entails driving the government of the Union of South Africa away from the West, then the Bantus must be prepared to carry their identification cards yet a while longer. UNK is a worthy objective; but if providing higher standards of living gets in the way of producing sufficient guns to resist Communist UNK then material sacrifices and UNK will have to be made. It may be, of course, that such objectives can be pursued UNK with a policy designed to overthrow UNK my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in favor of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world- the absence of Soviet Communist power. #THE UNK OF UNK This much having been said, the question remains whether we have the resources for the job we have to do- defeat UNK and, if so, how those resources ought to be used. This brings us squarely to the problem of UNK and the uses a nation makes of power. I submit that this is the key problem of international relations, that it always has been, that it always will be. And I suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of American UNK ever since we assumed free world leadership in 1945, to deal with this problem realistically and seriously. In the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power, and I think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus. One was UNK UNK the other, for the most part, true. The first was that America had UNK or was in danger of UNK a second-rate military power. I know I do not have to dwell here on the absurdity of that UNK You may have misgivings about certain aspects of our military UNK I certainly do- but you know any comparison of over-all American strength with over-all Soviet strength finds the United States not only UNK but so superior both in present weapons and in the development of new ones that our advantage promises to be a permanent feature of UNK relations for the foreseeable future. I have often searched for a graphic way of UNK our superiority on those Americans who have doubts, and I think Mr& UNK UNK has done it well in his new book <American UNK and Soviet UNK UNK he says, that the tables were UNK and we were in the UNK UNK "There would be more than 2,000 modern Soviet UNK all better than ours, stationed at 250 bases in Mexico and the UNK UNK Russian naval power would always be within a few hundred miles of our coast. Half of the population of the U&S& would be needed to work on arms just to feed the people". Add this to the UNK in the countries around us where UNK peoples would be ready to turn on us at the first opportunity. Add also a comparatively primitive industrial plant which would severely limit our capacity to keep abreast of the Soviets even in the missile field which is reputed to be our main strength. If we look at the situation this way, we can get an idea of Khrushchev's UNK UNK or, at least, of the worries he might have if his enemies were disposed to exploit their advantage. UNK UNK The other charge was that America's political position in the world has progressively deteriorated in recent years. The contention needs to be formulated with much greater precision than it ever was during the campaign, but once that has been done, I fail to see how any serious student of world affairs can quarrel with it. The argument was typically advanced in terms of U&S& UNK UNK however, is only a minor part of the problem; and even then, it is a concept that can be highly misleading. UNK is a measure of how other people think of you, well or UNK But contrary to what was implied during the campaign, prestige is surely not important for its own UNK Only the vain and UNK sentimental among us will lose sleep simply because foreign peoples are not as impressed by our strength as they ought to be. The thing to lose sleep over is what people, having concluded that we are weaker than we are, are likely to do about it. The evidence suggests that foreign peoples believe the United States is weaker than the Soviet Union, and is bound to fall still further behind in the years ahead. This ignorant UNK I repeat, is not of any interest in itself; but it becomes very important if foreign peoples react the way human beings typically do- namely, by taking steps to end up on what appears to be the winning side. To the extent, then, that declining U&S& prestige means that other nations will be tempted to place their bets on an ultimate American defeat, and will thus be more vulnerable to Soviet UNK there is reason for concern. Still, these UNK about the outcome of the struggle cannot be as important as the actual power relationship between the Soviet Union and ourselves. Here I do not speak of military power where our advantage is obvious and overwhelming but of political UNK of influence, if you will- about which the relevant questions are: Is Soviet influence throughout the world greater or less than it was ten years UNK And is Western influence greater or less than it used to be? UNK UNK In answering these questions, we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before, and not merely whether disciplined agents of the UNK are in control of governments from which they were formerly UNK the success of UNK war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive UNK Success may mean merely the displacement of Western influence. Communist political warfare, we must remember, is waged UNK and in deliberate stages. UNK of inviting a military showdown with the West which they could not UNK the Communists seek to undermine Western power where the nuclear might of the West is UNK in backwoods guerrilla UNK in mob UNK in the streets, in UNK in UNK meetings of UNK UNK at the United Nations, on the propaganda front, at diplomatic UNK preferably at the highest level. The Soviets understand, moreover, that the first step in turning a country toward Communism is to turn it against the West. Thus, UNK the first stage of a Communist UNK is to UNK a country. The second stage is to retain the nominal classification of UNK while in fact turning the country into an active advocate and UNK of Soviet policy. And this may be as far as the process will go. The UNK goal is the isolation and UNK not of Ghana, but of the United UNK and this purpose may be served very well by countries that UNK under a "neutralist" UNK yet in fact are dependable UNK of the Soviet Foreign Office. To UNK the particulars of recent Soviet successes is hardly reassuring. Six years ago French UNK though in UNK was in the Western camp. Today Northern Vietnam is UNK UNK Laos is UNK between Communism and pro-Communist UNK UNK is, for all practical purposes, UNK Indonesia, in the early days of the UNK leaned toward the West. Today UNK government is heavily UNK by UNK Communists, and for all of its "neutralist" UNK it is a firm ally of Soviet policy. Ceylon has moved from a pro-Western orientation to a neutralism openly hostile to the West. In the Middle East, UNK UNK and Egypt were, a short while ago, in the Western camp. Today the UNK and UNK governments are UNK hostile to the West, are dependent for their military power on Soviet equipment and UNK in almost every particular follow the UNK foreign policy line. A short time ago all Africa was a Western UNK Never mind whether the UNK and the Bantus enjoyed UNK UNK the point is that in the struggle for the world that vast land mass was under the domination and influence of the West. Today, Africa is UNK violently away from the West and UNK it would seem, into the Soviet orbit. Latin America was once an area as UNK for the West as UNK was for Nixon. Today it is up for UNK One Latin American country, Cuba, has become a Soviet UNK ninety miles off our coast. In some countries the trend has gone further than UNK UNK UNK and UNK are displaying open sympathy for UNK and there is no country- save the Dominican Republic whose funeral services we recently UNK where UNK and UNK does not prevent the government from UNK UNK the American cause. Only in Europe have our lines remained UNK and there only on the surface. The strains of neutralism are running strong, notably in England, and even in Germany. UNK UNK What have we to show by way of UNK We have had UNK clear invitations to plant our influence on the other side of the Iron UNK There was the Hungarian Revolution which we praised and UNK but did nothing about. There was the Polish Revolution which we UNK and then helped guide along a course favorable to Soviet interests. There was the revolution in Tibet which we UNK did not exist. Only in one instance have we moved UNK and effectively to UNK existing Communist UNK in UNK And contrary to what has been said recently, we did not wait for UNK UNK and UNK UNK to bring down that Communist government; we moved decisively to effect an anti-Communist UNK UNK We served our national interests, and by so doing we saved the UNK people the ultimate in human misery. THE FIRST UNK of the machine guns, at UNK in the evening, UNK around me the varied voices and faces of fear. UNK exactly like last time". The young man spoke steadily enough, but all at once he looked grotesquely UNK The UNK man said over and over, "Why did I come here, why did I come here". Then he was UNK UNK the UNK of small arms and automatic weapons, I heard the thumping of UNK Then the lights went out. This was my second day in Vientiane, the administrative capital of Laos, and my thoughts were none too UNK Where was my UNK Where should I go? To my UNK Better stay in the hotel UNK where the walls looked good and thick. Chinese and Indian merchants across the street were UNK their steel UNK Hotel attendants pulled parked UNK into the UNK A woman with a small boy slipped in between them. UNK she said, UNK She held out her hand to show that she had money. The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office. But what was the UNK Had the UNK Pathet Lao finally come this UNK Or was it another revolt inside UNK "Let's play UNK I said. "Let's go to the roof and see". UNK UNK THE UNK By UNK the answer was UNK There had been an UNK of the moon. A traditional Lao explanation is that the moon was being swallowed by a UNK and the remedy was to make all possible noise, ideally with UNK The UNK was successful, too, for just before the moon disappeared, the frightened UNK had begun to spit it out again, which meant good luck all around. How quaint it all seemed the next day. A restaurant posted a reminder to patrons "who became excited and left without paying their UNK But everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later. And no wonder, for Vientiane, the old City of UNK had become the City of UNK UNK I saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets. Along the main UNK hardly a house had not been UNK In place of the police headquarters was a new square filled with UNK UNK had demolished the defense ministry and set fire to the American Embassy next door. What had been the UNK suite was now jagged walls of blackened UNK This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane, fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days UNK UNK 1960). And now, in March, all Laos suffered a state of UNK The Pathet Lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more. Throughout the land their UNK UNK spread fear of ambush and death. "And it's all the more tragic because it's so little UNK said Mr& J& J& A& UNK a Belgian official of the United Nations UNK UNK and Cultural Organization. We talked after I hailed his Jeep marked with the U& N& flag. Practically all the people of Laos, he UNK about two million of them- are rice farmers, and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel UNK They look after their fields and children and water UNK in ten or eleven thousand villages, with an average of 200 souls. Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are. They spread over an area no larger than UNK yet they include peoples as different from one another as UNK are from UNK UNK MUST BE UNK IN UNK "What matters here is family UNK faith in the Buddha and staying at peace with the UNK the UNK and to live in harmony with nature". Harmony in UNK UNK said Mr& UNK He spoke of the season of UNK and dust, brought by the monsoon from the UNK in harmony with the season of rain and mud, brought by the monsoon from the UNK The slim UNK in harmony with the UNK UNK Mekong River. UNK UNK girls at the loom in harmony with the UNK by the UNK Even life in harmony with death. For so long as death was not UNK it was natural and to be UNK making a funeral a UNK To many a UNK they came 95 years ago, UNK and stayed until Laos became independent in UNK the land had been even more delightfully UNK than UNK Yet Laos was now one of the most explosive headaches of statesmen around the globe. The Pathet UNK UNK by Communist Veterans from neighboring North Viet UNK were supplied by Soviet aircraft. The Royal Lao Army, on the other hand, was paid and equipped with American funds. In six years, U& S& aid had amounted to more than UNK for each UNK a total of three hundred million dollars. We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to UNK another war among the world's giants. Even if it did not, how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and UNK UNK To find out, we traveled throughout that part of Laos still UNK UNK in the daytime at least, by the Royal Lao UNK from UNK the City of Buffalo UNK in the UNK to UNK UNK the City of UNK in the UNK close to Communist China UNK page UNK We rode over roads so rough that our Jeep came to rest atop the soil between UNK all four wheels spinning UNK We flew in UNK planes so UNK that we wondered why they didn't UNK In the end we ran into Communist artillery fire. UNK were Bill UNK of the NATIONAL UNK UNK UNK whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we UNK Boun UNK our UNK and myself. Boun UNK the name means one who has a UNK a UNK and is therefore UNK was born in UNK the Border of UNK He had attended three universities in the United States. But he had never seen the mountainous half of his native land north of Vientiane, including the royal capital, UNK UNK Before the airplanes came, he said, travel in Laos was just about impossible. UNK UNK UNK UNK Alas, so it almost proved for us, too. To go outside the few cities required UNK and getting them seemed a life's work. Nobody wanted Americans to be hurt or captured, and few soldiers could be spared as UNK We were told that to the Pathet UNK a kidnaped American was worth at least UNK a fortune in Laos. Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had UNK an UNK Now Pathet Lao propagandists were reported marching him UNK from village to village, as evidence of evil American intervention. Although we enjoyed our rounds of the government offices in Vientiane, with officials offering tea and pleasing conversation in French, we were getting nowhere. We had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao UNK must be true, when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime UNK Could we be ready in 15 UNK His UNK had decided only two hours ago to go out of town, and he was eager to be off. UNK UNK UNK UNK And so, after a flight southeast to UNK we found ourselves bouncing along in a Jeep right behind the UNK of Prince Boun UNK of UNK a tall man of UNK UNK in a bush jacket and a UNK hat from Texas. From his shoulder bag UNK the UNK barrel of a UNK The temperature rose to UNK With our company of soldiers, we made one long column of reddish dust. In UNK UNK the City of UNK the Prime Minister bought fried chickens and fried UNK and two UNK for me. Then we drove on, until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields, bouncing across their UNK earth walls. It was a UNK day. An hour of UNK a brief stop in a village to inspect a new school or UNK More UNK another UNK a new house for teachers, a new well. Then off again, rushing to keep up. We were UNK But our two Jeep UNK UNK UNK from UNK UNK and John UNK from UNK UNK were beaming under their coatings of dust. Together they had probably done more than any other men to help push Laos toward the 20th UNK UNK Mr& UNK once a diplomat in Paris and Washington, was Commissioner of Rural Affairs. John, an engineer and UNK with a UNK from the London School of UNK headed the rural development division of UNK the United States Operations Mission UNK U&S& aid. "What you see are self-help UNK John said. "We ask the people what they want, and they supply the labor. We send UNK cement, UNK and corrugated iron for UNK That way they have an UNK for UNK We have UNK such projects, and they add up to a lot more than just roads and UNK and schools. Ask Mr& UNK Mr& UNK agreed. "Our people have been used to accepting things as they found them", he said. "Where there was no road, they lived without one. Now they learn that men can change their surroundings, through their traditional village UNK without violence. That's a big step toward a modern state. You might say we are in the UNK business". In the villages people lined up to give us flowers. Then came UNK eggs, and rice wine. The Prime Minister paid his respects to the Buddhist monks, strode rapidly among the houses, UNK with the local UNK and made a speech. The soldiers are fighting and the Americans are UNK he said, but in the fight against the Pathet Lao the key factor is the UNK himself. Then we were off again. We did it for three days. But our UNK tour of the south wasn't all misery. UNK the UNK width of the Mekong at UNK on a UNK with an outboard motor, we took off our dusty UNK and enjoyed a veritable ocean UNK Then we hung overboard in the water. UNK we rolled over a UNK road up to UNK UNK on the cool UNK UNK The Prince visited the hospital of Operation UNK supported by the Junior Chamber of Commerce of the UNK and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK IN UNK In the village of UNK which means UNK we had a UNK This is the most UNK of Lao UNK It takes place in the household, a UNK of UNK for myriad UNK for the UNK a UNK a newborn child, the sick, the New UNK for any good purpose. The preparations were UNK flowers, UNK UNK sticks, rice wine, dozens of UNK and pieces of white cotton UNK The strings were draped around flowers in tall silver UNK (page UNK The candles were UNK and we sat on UNK UNK among the village UNK I was careful to keep my feet, the seat of the least worthy spirits, from pointing at UNK head, where the UNK spirits UNK Now a distinguished old man called on nine UNK to come and join us. Next he addressed himself to our souls. A man has 32 souls, one for each part of the body. Those souls like to wander off, and must be called back. With the UNK present and our souls in place, we were wished health, happiness, and power. Then, one after another, the UNK tied the waiting cotton strings around our UNK These were to be kept on, to hold in the 32 souls. As we stepped out into the UNK a man came up to John UNK and silently showed him his hand. It had a UNK hole as big as a silver dollar. We could see UNK moving. John said: "I have some antiseptic UNK with me, but it's too late for that". My interviews with teen-agers confirmed this portrait of the weakening of religious and ethnic bonds. Jewish identity was often confused with social and economic UNK UNK Jewish gives you tremendous UNK a boy UNK "It means that you have to get UNK When I pressed for a purely religious definition, I encountered the familiar blend of liberal piety, interfaith good will, and a small residue of ethnic UNK "I like the UNK a girl said. "I like to follow the holidays when they come along. But you don't have to worship in the traditional way. You can communicate in your own way. As I see it, there's no real difference between being UNK Catholic, or UNK Another UNK remarked: "Most Jews don't believe in God, but they believe in people- in helping people". Still another boy UNK "To be a good Jew is to do no wrong; it's to be a good UNK When asked how this was different from being a good Protestant, the boy answered, "It's the same UNK This UNK with the study by UNK and UNK They discovered that, although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion, only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction. The most important aims of the Jewish students were as follows: to make the world a better place to live in- 30 per cent; to get happiness for UNK 28 per cent; and financial UNK 21 per cent. Nevertheless, most of the teen-agers I interviewed believed in maintaining their Jewish identity and even envisioned joining a synagogue or UNK However, they were hostile to Jewish UNK UNK to believe in UNK "but in a moderate way". One boy said UNK about Orthodox UNK "It's the twentieth century, and they don't have to wear UNK The reason offered for clinging to the ancestral faith lacked force and authority even in the UNK minds. "We were brought up that UNK was one statement which won general UNK "I want to show respect for my parents' UNK was the way in which a boy justified his UNK a halfway house of UNK Still another suggested that he would join a temple "for social reasons, since I'll be living in a UNK UNK which is generally regarded as a threat to Jewish survival, was regarded not with horror or apprehension but with a kind of UNK clinical disapproval. Most of the teen-agers I interviewed rejected it on pragmatic grounds. "When you UNK you want to have things in UNK a girl said, "and it's hard when you don't marry someone with your own UNK A UNK girl from the Middle West observed UNK that, in her community, religion UNK interfered with religious activities- at least with the peripheral activities that many middle class Jews now regard as religious. It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an UNK sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and, in addition, required UNK food. Another girl from a relatively large midwestern city described herself as "the only Orthodox girl in town". This is, no doubt, UNK but it does convey how isolated she feels among the vast army of the UNK #THE UNK UNK One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older UNK years is that it is largely UNK UNK per cent of the Jewish teen-agers of college age attend institutions of higher learning. This is substantially higher than the figures for the American population at UNK UNK per cent for males and UNK per cent for females. This may help explain a phenomenon described by a small-town Jewish boy. In their first two years in high school, Jewish boys in this town make strenuous UNK to win positions on the school UNK However, in their junior and senior years, they generally UNK their athletic UNK presumably in the interest of better academic achievement. It is significant, too, that the older teen-agers I interviewed believed, unlike the younger ones, that Jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts. The percentage of Jewish girls who attend college is almost as high as that of boys. The motivations for both sexes, to be sure, are different. The vocational motive is the dominant one for boys, while Jewish girls attend college for social reasons and to become culturally developed. One of the significant developments in UNK life is that the cultural consumers are largely the women. It is they who UNK and UNK Jewish UNK and then persuade their husbands to read them. In upper UNK Jewish life, the UNK group tends to have a sense of UNK "People automatically assume that I'm in UNK a UNK machinist observed UNK However, among the girls, there are some UNK UNK for not going to college. The Jewish working girl almost invariably works in an UNK in UNK to gentile factory UNK and, UNK by a respectable income, she is likely to dress better and live more UNK than the college student. She is even prone to regard the college girl as UNK #THE UNK UNK COLLEGE UNK One of the reasons for the high percentage of Jewish teen-agers in college is that a great many urban Jews are enabled to attend local colleges at modest cost. This is particularly true in large centers of Jewish population like New York, Chicago, and Philadelphia. What is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that, although their attitudes hardly UNK them from their gentile UNK they actually lead their lives in a vast UNK Jewish UNK with relatively little contact with the UNK world. Perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College- constituting 85 per cent of those who attend the day UNK can serve as a paradigm of the UNK lower-middle class Jewish student. There is, to begin, an important sex difference. Typically, in a lower-middle class Jewish family, a son will be sent to an out-of-town school, if financial resources warrant it, while the daughter will attend the local college. There are two reasons for this. First, the girl's education has a lower priority than the UNK Second, the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son. Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise UNK over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home. The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College UNK the boys and do somewhat better UNK One can assume that some of the UNK boys are out of town. Brooklyn College students have an ambivalent attitude toward their school. On the one hand, there is a sense of not having moved beyond the UNK of their high school. This is particularly acute for those who attended UNK High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College. They have a sense of UNK at being denied that special UNK of status, the out-of-town school. At the same time, there is a good deal of UNK at attending a good college- they are even inclined to exaggerate its not UNK UNK and they express pleasure at the UNK UNK feeling that the college UNK "It's people of your own UNK a girl UNK "You don't have to watch what you say. Of course, I would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people, but I would want lots of Jewish kids there". For most Brooklyn College students, college is at once a UNK of their ethnic UNK and a breaking away from the cage of neighborhood and family. UNK College is unequivocally Jewish in tone, and efforts to UNK the college by bringing in UNK midwestern types on the faculty have been UNK However, a growing intellectual sophistication and the new UNK imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and UNK parents. And the rebellion of these third generation Jews is not the traditional conflict of culture but, rather, a protest against a culture that they view as softly and UNK UNK "As long as I'm home, I'll never grow UNK a UNK boy observed UNK "They don't like it if I do anything away from home. It's so much trouble, I don't usually UNK For girls, the UNK is far more UNK Parents will drive on Friday night to pick up their daughters after a UNK or House Plan meeting. A freshman girl's father not too long ago called a dean at Brooklyn College and demanded the UNK on a boy who was going out with his UNK The domestic UNK even extend to the choice of a major field. Under pressure from parents, the majority of Brooklyn College girls major in education since that UNK best with marriage UNK limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours. This means that a great many academically talented girls are discouraged from pursuing graduate work of a more demanding nature. A kind of double standard exists here for Jewish boys and girls as it does in the realm of sex. The breaking away from the prison house of Brooklyn is UNK First, the student trains on his UNK parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights. Then, with the new UNK there is actually a UNK forth into the wide, wide world beyond the precincts of New York. It is significant that the UNK which used to be the summer playground for older UNK a kind of summer suburb of New York, no longer UNK them in great numbers- except for those who work there as UNK bus boys, or counselors in the day camps. The great world beyond UNK But it should be pointed out that some of the new UNK UNK Fire Island, Nantucket, UNK Long Island, for example- tend to be UNK UNK Although Brooklyn College does not yet have a UNK program, a good number of students spend summers in Europe. In general, however, the timetable of travel lags considerably behind that of the student at Harvard or UNK And UNK into the world at large is likely to occur for the Brooklyn College student after college rather than during the four school years. Brooklyn College is UNK UNK territory, as much as the Bronx or Central Park West. There are UNK of UNK young women there who, UNK by their impatient mothers, are determined to UNK It is interesting that, although the percentage of married students is not appreciably higher at Brooklyn than UNK about 30 per cent of the women and 25 per cent of the men in the graduating UNK the anxiety of the UNK has puffed up the UNK UNK everybody in the senior class is UNK students say UNK And the school newspaper sells space to UNK UNK UNK and houses (in the House Plan UNK that have good news to UNK These announcements are, in effect, advertisements for themselves as thriving marriage UNK There are UNK UNK in the newspaper of UNK UNK UNK UNK and marriages in a UNK UNK hierarchy of UNK UNK House happily UNK the engagement of UNK Horowitz to UNK Schwartz of UNK UNK The Brooklyn College student shows some striking departures from prevailing collegiate models. The Ivy League enjoys no easy dominion here, and the boys are as likely to dress in rather UNK Continental fashion, or even in nondescript working class manner, as they are in the UNK UNK Ivy way. The girls are prone to dress far more UNK than their counterparts out of town, and eye UNK UNK and elaborate UNK UNK despite the admonitions of cautious guidance UNK are not unknown even in early morning classes. Among the boys, there is very little bravado about drinking. Brooklyn College is distinctive for not having an official drinking place. The Fort UNK UNK for drinking is foreign to most Brooklyn College boys. This should be used frequently (but shaken before UNK For UNK UNK the mother should shave into half a cup of fresh UNK UNK enough white UNK to make a UNK This could also be used for any other skin UNK Or she might place UNK in the UNK for a short time and then apply this under her breasts. UNK UNK of various kinds do not seem to have been common on the UNK at least I have only one remedy for anything of this kind in my collection, one for UNK delayed UNK The sufferer drinks UNK tea. UNK burns, UNK etc&, occurred frequently on the UNK and folk medicine gave the answers to these problems too. UNK and black eyes were relieved by application of raw UNK UNK now say that it was not the meat but the UNK of the applications which relieved the UNK UNK butter was another cure for bruises. Many people agreed that burns should be treated with UNK oily UNK or UNK butter or UNK but one UNK told me that a burn should be bathed in salt water; the burn UNK UNK fluid for many days, and finally the healing was completed by bathing it with UNK salts. Another swore by vinegar baths for burns, and still another recommended UNK UNK UNK UNK or UNK UNK was used for burns, and for UNK as well. This was made by putting butter in a pan of water and allowing it to UNK when it was cool, the fat was skimmed off and UNK UNK milk was another cure for burns, and burns covered with gum UNK or plain UNK healed quickly. One man, badly burned about the face and eyes by an arc UNK UNK was UNK and could not find a doctor at the time. A sympathetic friend made UNK of raw potato UNK which she said was the best and UNK way to draw out the UNK Later the doctor used mineral oil on the UNK The results were good, but which treatment helped is still not known. To stop UNK UNK were applied to cuts and UNK One UNK said to sprinkle sugar on a bleeding cut, even when on a UNK if it was made by a rusty UNK this would stop the flow and also prevent UNK My lawyer told me that his mother used a similar remedy for cuts and UNK she sprinkled common sugar directly on the injury and then bound it loosely with cotton cloth, over which she poured UNK He showed me one of his fingers which had been practically UNK and which his mother had UNK there is scarcely a UNK UNK Tobacco was common first aid. A UNK of tobacco put on an open wound was both antiseptic and UNK Or a thin slice of plug tobacco might be laid on the open wound without UNK One old man told me that when he was a boy he was kicked in the head by a UNK mule and had his UNK laid back from the entire front of his head. His brother ran a mile to get the UNK when they reached the boy, the father sliced a new plug of UNK put the UNK back in place, and covered the raw edges with the UNK Then he put a rag around the dressing to keep it in place. There was no cleaning or further care, but the wound healed in less than two weeks and showed no UNK UNK from the herb garden was also used to stop UNK and UNK was an UNK Until quite recently, UNK UNK could be bought to apply to a UNK they would feed on its surface, leaving it clean so that it could be UNK UNK UNK could be avoided by pouring warm UNK over a UNK One family bound UNK with UNK or salt pork UNK or, if these were not UNK plain UNK Another sprinkled sugar on hot coals and held the wounded foot or hand in the smoke. UNK were cured or prevented by UNK which the pioneer wore or UNK In UNK there were known to be twenty-two in Norton County, and one had been in the family for 200 years. Another cure for UNK was to suck the UNK then UNK them with a hot knife or UNK While nowadays we recognize the fact that there are many causes for bleeding at the nose, not long ago a UNK was simply that, and treatment had little UNK Since a fall or blow might have caused it, a cold pack was usually first aid. This might be applied to the top of the nose or the back of the neck, pressed on the upper UNK or inserted into the UNK UNK was usually used in this UNK UNK could be stopped by UNK a red woolen string about the patient's neck and tying in it a knot for each year of his life. Or the victim could UNK hard on a piece of paper, meanwhile pressing his fingers tight in his ears. Old UNK could be healed by the constant application of a wash made of equal parts vinegar and water. Blood UNK could be prevented from forming by rubbing a work UNK immediately with any hard UNK substance. UNK were cured by taking common salt and drying it in the UNK UNK it fine, and mixing it with equal parts of spirits of UNK this mixture was then spread on a cloth and wrapped around the affected part. As the cloth dried, more of the mixture was applied, and after twenty-four hours the UNK was supposed to be UNK UNK bites were cured in many ways. Many an UNK swore by the UNK UNK "get a UNK spit on UNK was a UNK This was used also for bruises. UNK clay was used as a UNK for insect bites and also for UNK not long ago UNK UNK was most popular. UNK were a common pest along streams and where gardens and UNK UNK so small as to be scarcely visible to the eye, they buried themselves in the UNK flesh. UNK the UNK parts with kerosene gave relief and also killed the UNK UNK bites were eased by applying liquid UNK For UNK bites a paste of half a glass of salt and half a glass of UNK was made. For UNK UNK onion UNK obtained by UNK an onion, gave quick relief. A UNK remedy was to bathe the painful part in strong UNK water; mud was sometimes used as well as UNK Just plain old black dirt was also used as a pack to relieve UNK or bee UNK UNK were a common pest in pioneer days; to keep them out of homes, even in the UNK was a UNK UNK UNK were washed in UNK water, legs of beds were placed in cups of UNK and all UNK was treated UNK with corrosive UNK applied with a UNK UNK was very effective in UNK pioneer homes of the UNK At times pioneer children got UNK in their hair. A kerosene UNK seems a heroic treatment, but it did the job. To remove an insect from one's ear warm water should be UNK A UNK or other small object could be removed from the eye by placing a UNK in the eye. As the seed UNK its UNK covering protected the UNK from UNK and both the UNK and the seed could soon be washed out. Another way to remove small objects from the eye was to have the person look UNK the particle would then move toward the nose, where it could be wiped out with a UNK of UNK UNK were cured by UNK an old UNK used in combinations. For UNK a mixture of one UNK UNK and one UNK glycerine was applied to the afflicted part on linen cloth. UNK skin, considered "just UNK was eased by treating with whiskey and UNK Winter itch was treated by applying strong apple UNK in which UNK UNK had been UNK To cure UNK UNK on mouth or hands people made a strong tea by using a handful of UNK bark in a quart of water. They drank half a cup of this morning and night, and they also washed and soaked their hands in the same solution. Six treatments cured one case which lasted a month and had defied other UNK UNK was treated by putting the feet and hands in ice water or by rubbing them with snow. Now one hears that heat and hot water are used instead. Another remedy was oil of UNK used as well for UNK UNK were also treated with UNK of UNK or cabbage UNK UNK have always been a source of much trouble. A German UNK gave me a sure cure made by combining UNK UNK and UNK into a UNK Another UNK was made from the inner bark of the UNK tree, steeped in water until it formed a UNK UNK solution. This was also used for UNK Another frequent pioneer difficulty, caused by wearing rough and heavy shoes and UNK was UNK One UNK woman tells me she has used thin potato UNK for both UNK and UNK on her feet and they remove the pain or UNK Another common cure was to UNK the feet five or ten minutes in warm water, then to apply a solution of equal parts of UNK and common brown soap on a kid UNK overnight. This softened the skin so that in the morning when the UNK was removed the corn could be UNK off and a bit of corn plaster put on. There were many UNK for UNK One young girl told me how her mother removed a wart from her finger by soaking a copper UNK in vinegar for three days and then painting the finger with the liquid several times. Another wart removal method was to rub each wart with a bean split open and then to bury the bean UNK under the UNK of the house for seven days. UNK gathered in the mouth after a night's sleep was considered UNK wetting a wart with this UNK on UNK the first thing in the morning was supposed to cause it to disappear after only a few treatments, and strangely enough many UNK did just that. One wart cure was to wrap it in a hair from a UNK UNK Another was to UNK raw beef in vinegar for twenty-four hours, tie it on the UNK and wear it for a week. A simpler method was to tie a thread tightly around the wart at its base and wear it this way. I know this worked. One person recommended to me washing the wart with UNK water; another said it should be rubbed with a cut potato three times daily. Another common method was to cut an onion in two and place each half on the wart for a UNK the onion was then fastened together with string and placed beneath a UNK UNK As the onion UNK so did the UNK UNK muscles were relieved by an UNK UNK sore feet by UNK an herb from the UNK UNK herb garden, or by soaking the feet in a pan of hot water in which two cups of salt had been UNK Leg UNK one person tells me, were relieved by standing UNK with the weight of the body on the heel and pressing down hard. This does give relief, as I can UNK One doctor prescribed a tablespoon of whiskey or brandy before each meal for leg UNK UNK in the back of the leg and in the UNK were prevented from reaching the upper body by tying a rope about the patient's UNK For UNK and UNK one pint of UNK vinegar and half a pint of spirits of UNK added to three well beaten eggs was said to give speedy relief. UNK FOR the wine waiter in a UNK always an inscrutable UNK unto himself, the UNK with the keys to UNK the gates of the wine world are one's dealer, and the foreign UNK or UNK who in turn supplies him. In instances where both of these are persons or firms with UNK the situation is ideal. It may, on occasion, be anything but that. However, by UNK a wine dealer and accepting his advice, one will soon enough ascertain whether he has any knowledge of wines (as opposed to what he may have been told by salesmen and UNK and, better yet, whether he has a taste for wine. Again, by spreading one's purchases over several wine dealers, one becomes familiar with the names and UNK of reputable wine dealers and UNK abroad. This is important because, despite all the efforts of the French government, an appreciable segment of France's export trade in wines is still UNK with a UNK approaching downright UNK and there are many too many UNK who would rather turn a UNK than UNK a UNK reputation UNK A good UNK or UNK will not only be the man or the firm which has UNK the wines from the best UNK or the best parts of them; he may also be the one who makes and bottles the best UNK sound wines from vineyards generally in his own district. These are the wines the French themselves use for everyday UNK for even in France virtually no one drinks the <Grands Crus> on a UNK basis. The <Grands Crus> are expensive, and even UNK UNK tire of them. And certainly, in the case of the UNK or the comparatively UNK wine UNK the UNK and the capacity for appreciation will not be ready for the <Grands Crus> as a steady diet without frequent recourse to UNK of less UNK There is nothing UNK UNK about a good blend from a good UNK Some of them are very delicious indeed, and there are many good ones UNK unfortunately, along with others not so good, and worse. UNK with a reputable wine dealer and constant UNK UNK ever from the known to the UNK are the UNK Wine waiters are something else UNK especially if one is travelling or dining out a great UNK their importance UNK Most of them, the world over, operate on the same principle by which justice is administered in France and some other Latin UNK the customer is to be considered guilty of UNK ignorance until proven otherwise, with the burden of proof on the customer himself. Now the drinking of wine (and happily UNK is for the most part a UNK affair, for UNK if everyone in the world who could afford the best wines also liked them, the supply would dry up in no time at all. This is the only valid, and UNK argument that may be advanced in defense of the UNK attitude of the common wine UNK A really good wine waiter is, paradoxically, the UNK (and not the UNK of his cellar against the UNK UNK on the one hand, with an always UNK supply of his best wines, and on the other by a UNK usually equipped with UNK UNK it is a wonder indeed that all wine waiters are not afflicted with chronic UNK The one way to get around them- short of knowing exactly what one wants and sticking to it- is to frequent a single establishment until its wine waiter is persuaded that one is at least as interested in wine as in spending money. Only then, perhaps, will he reveal his UNK and his UNK Wine bought from a dealer should ideally be allowed to rest for several weeks before it is served. This is especially true of red wines, and a practice which, though not always UNK is well worth the effort. It does no harm for wine to stand on end for a matter of days, but in terms of months and years it is fatal. Wine stored for a long time should be on its side; otherwise, the cork UNK and air enters to UNK it. When UNK wine on its side in a UNK care should always be taken to be sure there is no air bubble left next to the UNK UNK UNK such as UNK have a way of rolling around in the bin and often need little UNK such as a bit of cardboard or a chip of wood, to hold them in the proper reclining UNK Too much UNK in the cellar rots the UNK again with ill effects. The best rule of thumb for detecting UNK wine UNK the eye has not already spotted it) is to smell the wet end of the cork after pulling it: if it smells of wine, the bottle is probably all right; if it smells of UNK one has grounds for UNK UNK rises or drops in temperature are bad for UNK they age it UNK The ideal storage temperature for long periods is about UNK UNK with an allowable range of five degrees above or below this, provided there are no sudden or frequent changes. UNK vibration is also UNK consequently, one's wine UNK or cellar should be away from machines or UNK driven UNK If one lives near a subway or an express UNK the solution is to have one's wines stored with a dealer and brought home a few at a time. UNK especially UNK is always bad for wine. All in all, though, there is a good deal of UNK expended over the preparations thought necessary for ordinary wine UNK many people go to extreme lengths in UNK UNK or UNK or UNK without further investigation any bottle with so much as a slightly suspicious UNK No one should wish to deny these UNK the obvious pleasure they derive from all this, and to give fair warning where warning is due, no one who becomes fond of wines ever avoids acquiring some degree of UNK But the fact remains that in most restaurants, including some of the best of Paris and UNK and UNK the bottle is frankly and simply brought from the cellar to the table when ordered, and all the conditioning or preparation it ever receives takes place while the chef is preparing the meal. A white wine, already at cool cellar temperature, may be adequately chilled in a UNK of ice and water or the freezing compartment of a refrigerator (the former is far UNK in about fifteen UNK for those who live in a winter UNK there is nothing better than a UNK of water and snow. Though by no means an ideal procedure, a red wine may similarly be brought from the cellar to the dining room and opened twenty minutes or so before serving time. It may be a bit cold when UNK but again, as one will have observed at any restaurant worth its salt, wine should be served in a large, UNK glass, which is never filled more than half UNK In this way, red wine UNK of itself quite UNK and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal (or the UNK in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many UNK and interesting stages. The only cardinal sin which may be committed in warming a wine is to force it by putting it next to the stove or in front of an open fire. This invariably UNK any UNK character, and drives its fragrance UNK It should not be forgotten that wines mature fastest in UNK less fast in full UNK slowly in UNK and slower yet in UNK double UNK UNK UNK and UNK respectively. Very old red wines often require several hours of UNK and any red wine, brought from the cellar within half an hour of UNK should be UNK and allowed some air. But white wines UNK White wines should be opened when UNK having been previously chilled in proportion to their UNK Thus, UNK or UNK should be very UNK a UNK or a UNK somewhat less cold. UNK is an accepted method for covering up the faults of many a cheap or poor white wine, especially a dry UNK and certainly less of a crime than serving a wine at a temperature which reveals it as UNK The fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is exposed for long to the air. To quote Professor UNK "The last glass of UNK or Burgundy is as good as the first; but the first glass of UNK UNK or UNK is a great deal better than the UNK This does not mean, though, that a red wine improves with prolonged UNK there is a reasonable UNK and wines kept over to the next meal or the next day, after they have once been opened, are never as good. If this must be done, they should always be UNK and kept in a cool UNK it should be remembered that their lasting qualities are appreciably shorter than those of milk. A few red wines, notably those of the UNK are better consumed at cellar temperature. By tradition, a red wine should be served at approximately room UNK if anything a little UNK and be aged enough for the UNK and acids to have worked out and the UNK have settled well. Thus, red wine must, if possible, never be disturbed or UNK very old red wine is often UNK so that the UNK bitter elements which have settled to the bottom will not be mingled with the wine itself. A UNK between an old bottle and an inefficient UNK may do as much harm as a week at sea. The cork should be pulled gradually and UNK and the lip of the bottle wiped UNK Many people use UNK UNK for old red wine, lifting the bottle carefully from the bin into the cradle and eventually to the table, without disturbing the UNK Another school UNK on such a UNK and insists that after leaving the bin an old red wine should first stand on end for several days to allow the UNK to roll to the very bottom, after which the bottle may be gently eased to a tilted position on its side in the UNK In France, when one wishes to entertain at a restaurant and serve truly fine old red wines, one visits the restaurant well ahead of time, chooses the wines and, with the advice of the manager and his UNK builds the menu around them. The wine waiter will see to it that the bottles are taken from the bin and opened at least in time to warm and UNK preferably allowed to stand on end for as long as possible and, perhaps in the case of very old wines, be UNK UNK old wine UNK it UNK it may also be- practically UNK a matter of good economy. For, in the process of UNK the bottle is only tilted once instead of several or more times at the UNK hence, a minimum of the undesirable mixture of wine and UNK Though there are many exceptions, which we have noted in preceding pages, white wine is as a rule best consumed between two and six years old, and red wines, UNK between three and ten. Red wines of good years tend to mature later and to keep UNK the average UNK is notably UNK than its opposite number, red UNK Some UNK do not come into their own until they are ten or fifteen years of age, or even more. If a red UNK of a good name and year is bitter or UNK or UNK and UNK leave it alone for a while. Most of the wines of UNK on the other hand, UNK be drunk while very UNK and UNK UNK be. Giffen replied UNK and UNK UNK assured that your accompanying Letter of Instructions shall be in the Letter and Spirit strictly complied with **h and most particularly in regard to that part of them relative to the completion of your noble and humane UNK Giffen lost no time in visiting the plantation. The slaves appeared to be in good health and at work under John Palfrey's UNK An excellent crop was expected that year. William, who lived in neighboring St& Mary's UNK had taken charge and decided that it would be best for all if the plantation were operated for another year. Giffen advised acceptance of this plan, UNK the depressed market for land then prevailing and the large stock of provisions at the plantation. If sold then, the land and improvements might bring only UNK Early in January, 1844 he had a conference with Henry and William in New Orleans, and upon learning of UNK intention, Henry UNK calmly but firmly with his brother. The emancipation plan would not only be UNK to all the UNK he contended, but would be a form of cruelty UNK on the UNK Negroes. They were not capable of supporting themselves off the UNK and Louisiana law required their removal from the state. Gorham refused to accept money for slave property, but did he realize how much expense and trouble the transportation of his Negroes to the North UNK The suggestion that Giffen hire out the slaves was not realistic, since no planter would take the risk of having Negroes who knew they were to be free living with his own slaves. Henry UNK his UNK although both he and William were UNK with their Yankee brother. William, who did not write to UNK told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year, he would sue UNK to protect his interests. Palfrey was determined that his portion of the slaves be converted to wage laborers during the transition period before UNK If William wished to continue operations for a year, why not simply leave the Negroes UNK and pay them "as high wages to remain there as are ever paid the labor of persons of their sex + age. A disposition to exert themselves for my benefit would perhaps be a motive with some of them **h to come into the scheme. Their having family ties on our plantation + the adjoining one would be a stronger UNK When he heard of his UNK anger, Palfrey was still hopeful that they could be persuaded to accept his notion of paying wages. If not, he was willing to UNK to William's wishes in any way that did not block his ultimate aim. William was adamant on one UNK under no circumstances would he allow the Negroes to remain on the plantation with his and UNK slaves if they were told of their coming freedom. UNK the antipathy that existed in Louisiana against increasing the number of free Negroes, Giffen suggested that Palfrey bring them to Boston at once, and then send them on to UNK Lacking specific instructions, he agreed to William's condition. In March there was a division of the slaves, and Giffen carried out his instructions as nearly as possible. Of the UNK slaves, Giffen succeeded in getting a lot of twenty, twelve of whom were females. "I considered that your views would be best carried out", he explained, "by taking women whose UNK will of course be free + more fully extend the UNK of UNK I have also taken the old servants of your father as a matter of UNK + UNK The ages of the slaves ranged from UNK for an old house servant, to an UNK newborn child. If Palfrey ever had any doubts about the UNK of slavery, they were put aside after he received an inventory of the slave property he had UNK This cold UNK of human worth in a legal paper, devoid of UNK or humanity, was all he needed. Each human being, known only by a given name, had a cash value. Old UNK sixty-five years had reduced his value to UNK UNK a UNK with UNK potential, was worth UNK In rejecting any claim to the value of the slave property, Palfrey was giving up close to UNK Palfrey's brothers each received lots of sixteen Negroes, and for bookkeeping purposes it was agreed that all lots were to be valued at UNK Thus twenty UNK UNK were to remain ignorant of their UNK journey to the land of free men. Giffen extracted one UNK from UNK the house servants could be free at any time Gorham thought UNK Despite UNK warning, Palfrey still had plans for freeing his slaves in Louisiana. Yet even if he could get the necessary approval, fourteen of his Negroes could not be UNK without special UNK According to state law a slave had to be at least thirty years old before he could be UNK Palfrey petitioned the state legislature to UNK the requirement. Otherwise, freedom would mean removal from the state in which "as the place of their past residence from birth, or for many years, it would **h be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to UNK On March 11 the Louisiana legislature voted unanimously to table the UNK News of the legislative veto appeared in the New Orleans papers, and Henry and William became UNK by the fact that they had not been told of the attempt in advance. Henry stormed into UNK office waving a copy of the New Orleans UNK shouting that the emancipation scheme had become a public affair, and that it would reach the UNK of the People on the UNK and make them restless + UNK His UNK anger caused Palfrey genuine concern, for he had imposed a dual mission upon himself: to free his slaves, and to keep the family from falling apart over the issue. When Giffen decided to charge him interest on the loan from John UNK Gorham readily UNK UNK that in a matter of dollars and UNK his brothers would never have any cause to complain of him. in view of these difficulties, Palfrey decided to go to Louisiana. Giffen had already urged him to journey south, if only for a few days to clear up matters. His duties as Massachusetts Secretary of State obliged him to wait until the UNK of the legislature in UNK Palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time, and left for New Orleans UNK invoking a special blessing of Providence that he might be allowed to see his family again. During his journey Palfrey stopped off to see two UNK In both cases he desired information about placing the UNK in homes once they arrived in the North. In New York, UNK Maria UNK welcomed him UNK "I have lately heard of you from the Legislature of Louisiana, and felt joy at your public recognition of the brotherhood of man". Mrs& UNK who had once UNK for sending editor Palfrey a book on slavery, now confided that she had helped one of Henry Palfrey's slaves escape to Canada some years before, but asked him not to UNK the fact in Louisiana. She agreed to take charge of five or six of the Negroes should Palfrey decide to send them north immediately. At Lexington, Kentucky, Palfrey consulted with UNK M& Clay on the same subject, but with no apparent result. Despite his apprehensions about his personal safety, Palfrey's reception in New Orleans was more than UNK Instead of the expected UNK due to the nature of his mission, he received many calling cards and invitations from UNK of UNK on whom I had no sort of claim, + have had many more invitations than I could UNK He later told UNK UNK Quincy of the UNK attention and UNK with which the New Orleans gentlemen and the UNK UNK greeted him. The memory of this southern hospitality did not survive the trials of coming UNK years and Civil War. Palfrey's autobiography contains a melodramatic account of two perilous days spent among the UNK of UNK "many of whom were coarse + passionate people, much excited by what they heard of my UNK He proceeded with his task UNK in his UNK at UNK before the UNK of my neighbors should have time to boil too UNK Palfrey had already made up his mind that he would allow the men, but not the women, to choose freely whether or not to go North for freedom. The women by remaining behind condemned their children, born and UNK to UNK He had a short private talk with each adult UNK Only one UNK but Palfrey soon convinced him that he ought to go with the others. All the slaves joined in requesting that they be allowed to delay their departure until the end of the planting season, so that they could get in UNK own little UNK Palfrey UNK the slaves were to remain as wage laborers for his account. William's threat that under no conditions would he allow UNK slaves to mix with his own was not carried out, for the plantation continued in operation as before. Palfrey returned to Massachusetts greatly relieved to have made an arrangement "so satisfactory to my judgment + my UNK From Cambridge, Palfrey maintained a close interest in the welfare of his slaves. In fact, as the time for their departure UNK his UNK increased. Should any slave change his mind and request to leave earlier, Giffen was to provide passage at once. When a sailing date of March, UNK was finally established, Palfrey made sure that the Negroes would have comfortable quarters in New Orleans and aboard ship. Giffen assured him that the captain and his mate had personally promised to treat the Negroes with consideration. Palfrey was also concerned about the question of what wage to pay for their labor throughout UNK The plantation was sold in January, 1845, and Palfrey thought the new owner ought to pay his people two months' wages. Giffen suggested fifty dollars as fair compensation for a year's work; the new owner at UNK declined to enter into any philanthropic arrangement. On March 21, UNK the bark UNK weighed anchor at New Orleans, while on the UNK Henry and William Palfrey waved farewell to their father's former UNK who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and UNK Not all of Palfrey's slaves were aboard the UNK Giffen had advised that it would not be too difficult to obtain freedom locally for the old house servants. Two of these were included in Palfrey's lot. Giffen filed a petition for permission to UNK four slaves (all more than fifty years UNK with the St& UNK UNK Police UNK After an initial rejection, which he attributed to a UNK UNK against UNK and UNK Giffen UNK the right individuals on the jury, and got the permission without further UNK When the Negroes landed at Boston a month later they were, of course, no longer slaves. UNK was prohibited in Massachusetts by the terms of the constitution of UNK which declared "all men are born free and UNK Nevertheless, Palfrey arranged a religious ceremony at King's Chapel to UNK the UNK An UNK recalled how awkward the UNK colored women appeared as they UNK in the church UNK and the UNK the former slaves displayed while they listened to the few words that declared them free. Once the question of emancipation was settled to Palfrey's satisfaction, he faced a real problem in placing the UNK in suitable homes as servants. Palfrey tried UNK to place a Negro boy in the UNK Community, but he had better luck in his other UNK Mrs& UNK true to her word, helped place Anna and her four children with a Quaker family named UNK near UNK New York. This group had been Palfrey's greatest worry since Anna was in bad health, and her children were too young to work for their UNK But certainly the New Frontier has brought to Washington a group more varied in background and interest. Secretary of State Dean Rusk, a former Rhodes Scholar and Mills College UNK has headed the Rockefeller Foundation and in that role expended large sums for international cultural exchange. One of his initial acts in office was to appoint Philip Coombs of the Ford Foundation as the first Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs. UNK the late UNK and UNK Coombs has declared in defining his role, "two strong new arms were added to reinforce United States foreign policy **h economic assistance and military assistance. As we embark upon the sixties we have an opportunity **h to build a third strong arm, aimed at the development of people, at the fuller realization of their creative human potential, and at better understanding among UNK Many of the new appointees are art collectors. UNK UNK UNK has returned to the capital with a collection of paintings that include UNK UNK UNK Van UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and Walt UNK The Director of the Peace Corps, R& Sargent Shriver, Jr&, a Kennedy UNK collects heavily among the UNK including UNK UNK and UNK UNK Secretary of the Treasury Douglas Dillon owns a prize UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Secretary of Defense Robert UNK former President of the Ford Motor Company, comes from a generation different from that of Eisenhower's own first Secretary of Defense, Charles Wilson, who had been head of General UNK Unlike Wilson, who at times seemed almost UNK in his earthy UNK UNK is the UNK An UNK reader of books, he chose while working in Detroit to live in the University community of Ann UNK almost forty miles away. He selected as Comptroller of Defense, not a veteran UNK but a former Rhodes UNK Charles UNK who is author of a study on <The UNK of Defense in the Nuclear UNK One of the President's special assistants, the Harvard dean UNK UNK was UNK with Henry L& UNK of the latter's classic UNK UNK Active UNK Another, Arthur M& UNK Jr&, has won a Pulitzer Prize in UNK his wife, UNK is a portrait UNK The Press Secretary, Pierre UNK was a child UNK as a pianist. UNK is always of sorrow to me when I find people who **h neither know nor understand UNK he declared not long ago in proposing that White House UNK be awarded for music and UNK Mrs& Arthur Goldberg, wife of the Secretary of Labor, paints professionally and helps sponsor the Associated UNK Gallery in the District of Columbia. UNK are always at a new UNK she claims. "In fact, the search is almost more important than the UNK Mrs& Henry UNK wife of the new director of the foreign aid program, is the writer and lecturer Eve UNK The list goes on. At last count, sixteen former Rhodes UNK (see box on page UNK had been appointed to the Administration, second in number only to its Harvard graduates. Besides UNK the Justice Department's Information Director, Edwin UNK has won a Pulitzer Prize (for national UNK Postmaster General J& Edward Day, who must deal with matters of postal UNK is himself author of a novel, UNK UNK UNK one he was obliged to publish at his own expense. Two men show promise of playing prominent UNK William Walton, a UNK has been a long-time friend of the President. They arrived in Washington about the same time during the early postwar UNK Kennedy as the young Congressman from UNK Walton, after a wartime stint with UNK to become bureau chief for the <New UNK Both lived in UNK were UNK and shared an active social life. Walton, who soon made a break from journalism to become one of the capital's leading UNK painters, vows that he and Kennedy never once discussed art in those days. Nonetheless, they found common interests. During last year's campaign, Kennedy asked Walton, an utter novice in organization politics, to assist him. Walton dropped everything to serve as a district UNK in the UNK Wisconsin primary and proved so useful that he was promoted to be liaison officer to critically important New York City. Walton, who served as a correspondent with General James UNK UNK during the invasion of France, combines the soul of an artist with the UNK of a tough UNK He provoked outraged editorials when, after a UNK inspection of the White House with Mrs& Kennedy, he remarked to reporters, "We just UNK the joint to see what was there". But his UNK are UNK Already the President and the First Lady have UNK him to advise on matters ranging from the furnishing of the White House to the UNK of Lafayette Square. A man of great talent, he will continue to serve as a sort of Presidential UNK strictly UNK UNK for culture. A more official representative is the Secretary of the UNK UNK who comes from one of the UNK UNK of Arizona, is a bluff, UNK man with a UNK for politics and a habit of landing right in the middle of the fight. But even while UNK furiously with Republican politicians, he displays a deep and UNK UNK for anyone with cultural UNK His private dining room has become a way station for visiting intellectuals such as C& P& UNK Arnold Toynbee, and Aaron UNK Udall argues that Interior affairs should cover a great deal more than UNK and wildlife preserves. After promoting UNK appearance at the UNK he persuaded the poet to return several months later to give a reading to a select audience of Cabinet members, members of Congress, and other Washington UNK gathered in the State Department UNK The event was so successful that the Interior Secretary plans to serve as UNK for similar ones from time to time, hoping thereby to add to the cultural UNK of the Administration. His Ideas in this respect, however, sometimes arouse critical response. One UNK was stirred up last March when Udall announced that an UNK bronze statue of William Jennings UNK UNK by the late UNK UNK would be sent "on indefinite UNK to Salem, Illinois, UNK UNK UNK for the nation's UNK UNK promptly claimed that Udall was UNK the statue because of his own hostility to this art form. They dug up a speech he had made two years earlier as a UNK UNK the more than two hundred UNK UNK and UNK which UNK the Washington landscape **h as patriotic societies and zealous friends are constantly hatching new UNK UNK to cut down on such works, Udall had proposed that a politician be at least fifty years departed before he is UNK He is not likely to win this battle easily. In the case of the UNK statue an Interior aide was obliged to announce that there had been a misunderstanding and that the Secretary had no desire to UNK it out of Washington. The last Congress adopted seven bills for UNK including one to UNK UNK the Ukrainian poet UNK eleven others were UNK Active warfare is UNK between the forces pressing for a monument to the first Roosevelt on Theodore Roosevelt Island in the UNK and T& UNK own living children, who wish to preserve the island as a wildlife UNK The UNK debated plan for the capital's Franklin D& Roosevelt UNK a circle of huge UNK engraved with his speeches (and promptly dubbed by one of its critics, UNK UNK is another of UNK UNK since as UNK of the National Parks Commission he will share in the responsibility for building it. UNK President Kennedy has been heard to remark UNK "is a city of southern efficiency and northern UNK There have been indications that he hopes to UNK that situation, commencing with the White House. One of Mrs& Kennedy's initial concerns as First Lady was the sad state of the UNK in a building which is supposed to be a national UNK Ever since the fire of UNK destroyed the beautiful furniture assembled by President Thomas Jefferson, the White House has collected a UNK of period pieces, few of them authentic or UNK Mrs& Kennedy shows a determination to change all this. Not long after moving in she turned up a richly carved desk, UNK from the timbers of the British ship H&M&S& UNK and presented to President Hayes by Queen UNK It now serves the President in his oval office. Later, UNK in an old issue of the UNK des UNK she found a description of a handsome gilt UNK purchased in 1817 by President James UNK She traced it to a storage room. With its coating of gold radiator paint UNK a UNK of some earlier UNK it will now occupy its rightful place in the oval Blue Room on the first floor of the White House. But it soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture (which Mrs& Kennedy feels is the proper period for the White UNK must be pursued in places other than government storage UNK The First Lady appointed a Fine Arts Advisory Committee for the White House, to locate authentic pieces as well as to arrange ways to acquire them. Her effort to put the home of living Presidents on the same basis as Mount Vernon and Monticello recognizes no party lines. By rough estimate her Committee, headed by Henry Francis Du Pont, contains three times as many Republicans as Democrats. The press releases UNK from the White House give a clue to the activity within. A UNK has been UNK A valuable UNK allegorical drawing of Benjamin Franklin by UNK UNK has been donated by the art dealer UNK UNK and now hangs in the Blue UNK The American Institute of Interior Designers is UNK the White House library. Secretary and Mrs& Dillon have contributed enough pieces of Empire furniture, including Dolley UNK own UNK to furnish a room in that style. And part of a fabulous collection of UNK UNK UNK to the White House by the late Mrs& Margaret Thompson UNK has been taken out of its locked cases and put on display in the State dining room. UNK place is in the home: man must attend to matters of the UNK One of the UNK problems to first confront President Kennedy was the property lying just across Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House. Congress had already appropriated money, and plans were well along to tear down the buildings UNK Lafayette Square and replace them with what one critic calls the UNK UNK of government office UNK While a UNK Kennedy had UNK pushed a bill to preserve the UNK Theater, as well as the Dolley Madison and the Benjamin Taylor houses, all scheduled for UNK What to do about it now that he was UNK Only a few days after moving into the White House. Kennedy made a midnight inspection of the Square. Then he called in his friend Walton and turned over the problem to him, with instructions to work out what was UNK provided it didn't pile unnecessary burdens on the President. The situation involved some political UNK One of the offices slated for reconstruction is the aged Court of UNK diagonally across the street from the White House. UNK it should be moved downtown. But Judge Marvin Jones, senior member of the Court, is an elderly gentleman who lives at the nearby Metropolitan Club and desires to walk to work. More importantly, he also happens to be the UNK of Sam Rayburn, Speaker of the House. There were aesthetic problems as well as UNK On UNK deeper, Walton discovered that most of the buildings fronting the Square could be classified as UNK UNK The old UNK Theater, over which many people had grown sentimental, was only a shell of its former self after arduous years as a UNK Center. The Dolley Madison House, Walton concluded, was scarcely worth UNK "The attempt to save the UNK historic UNK he UNK UNK half a century too UNK UNK by ancient UNK the campus is spacious and UNK The buildings are mostly UNK The Dartmouth student does not live in monastic UNK as he once did. But his is still a simple life relatively free of the female presence or influence, and he must go far, even though he may go fast, for sophisticated UNK He is still heir to the rare gifts of space and silence, if he chooses to be. He is by no means the country boy he might have been in the last century, down from the hills with bear grease on his hair and a zeal for book learning in his heart. The men's shops on UNK Main Street compare favorably with those in UNK and New UNK And the automobiles that stream out of Hanover each weekend, toward Smith and UNK and Mount UNK are no less UNK than those leaving Cambridge or West Philadelphia. But there has always been an outdoor air to UNK The would-be UNK and the UNK youth adopt this air without UNK No one here pokes fun at UNK UNK And this gives rise to an easy UNK probably UNK elsewhere in the Ivy League. It even affects the faculty. Thus, when Dartmouth's Winter UNK widely recognized as the UNK UNK UNK college weekend anywhere, any time- was broadcast over a national television UNK UNK John Sloan Dickey appeared on the screen in rugged winter UNK topped off by a UNK which he confessed had been acquired from a Smith girl. President UNK golden UNK UNK in the snow at his feet, added to the picture of masculine UNK This carefree UNK for UNK UNK up again in the same television UNK Dean UNK UNK wearing UNK clothes, was crowning a UNK UNK queen of the UNK She must have looked UNK pretty to the dean as he put the crown on her head. So he kissed her. No Dartmouth man was UNK Dartmouth students enjoy other unusual diversions with equal UNK For example, groups regularly canoe down the Connecticut River. This is in honor of John UNK class of UNK who UNK a canoe out of a handy tree and first set the course way back in his own student days. And these hardy travelers are not UNK today. They are hailed by the nation's press, and Smith girls UNK the UNK at UNK and UNK the UNK with hot soup and UNK Dartmouth's favorite and most characteristic recreation is UNK Since the days when their two thousand pairs of UNK UNK those assembled anywhere else in the United States, the students have stopped regarding the Olympic UNK UNK as another name for their own. Yet Dartmouth still is the dominant member of the UNK UNK Union, which includes the winter sports colleges of Canada as well as those of this country. Dartmouth students UNK everywhere in winter, starting with their own front door. They can hire a horse and go UNK behind him, or move out to Oak Hill, where there's a UNK The Dartmouth UNK at UNK UNK ten miles north of the campus, has one of the best UNK in the East, ranging from novice to expert. Forty miles farther north is Mount UNK Dartmouth's own UNK Here, at the UNK Lodge, President Dickey acts as host every year to about a hundred UNK who are being introduced by the Dartmouth Outing Club to life on the trails. The Lodge, built of UNK virgin UNK can handle fifty people for UNK UNK or UNK in its huge living room. The Outing Club also owns a chain of fourteen UNK and several shelters, extending from the Vermont hills, just across the river from the college, through Hanover to the College UNK UNK acres of wilderness 140 miles north up in the logging country. The UNK are equipped with UNK UNK and cooking equipment and are ideal bases for hikes and skiing trips. The club runs regular trips to the UNK but many of the students prefer to take off in small unofficial groups for a weekend of hunting, fishing, UNK or UNK Under the auspices of the Outing Club, Dartmouth also has the UNK Club, which takes on tough UNK like Mount UNK and UNK + UNK whose interests are UNK and even sports a UNK UNK which UNK with other New England colleges in wood UNK and UNK canoe UNK and the like. There is much to be said for a college that, while happily attuned to the sophisticated UNK still gives its students a chance to get up early in the morning and drive along back roads where a glimpse of small game, UNK or even bear is not UNK City boys find a lot of learning in the feel of an ax handle or in the sharp tang of a UNK come upon suddenly in a backwoods logging camp. And on the summit of Mount Washington, where thirty-five degrees below zero is commonplace and the wind velocity has registered higher than anywhere else in the world, there is a kind of wisdom to be found that other men often seek in the UNK "because it is there". There is much to be said for such a college- and Dartmouth men have been accused of saying it too often and too UNK Their affection for their college home has even caused President Dickey to comment on this UNK UNK as something rather specially UNK Probably a lawyer once said it best for all time in the Supreme Court of the United States. Early in the nineteenth century the State of New Hampshire was casting about for a way to found its own state university. It fixed on Dartmouth College, which was ready-made and just what the UNK UNK The legislators decided to UNK Dartmouth and entered into a UNK with the college trustees over the control of UNK faculty, and UNK For a time there were two factions on the campus fighting for possession of the student body. The struggle was resolved in 1819 in the Supreme Court in one of the most intriguing cases in our judicial history. In 1817 the lawyers were generally UNK the legal UNK of private contracts and UNK A lawyer, hired by the college, was arguing specifically for UNK Daniel UNK class of UNK made her plight the dramatic focus of his whole UNK In an age of UNK he was the king of UNK and both he himself and Chief Justice Marshall were bathed in UNK tears, as Uncle UNK reached his UNK UNK "It is, sir, as I have said, a small college, and yet there are those who love it **h". Dartmouth is today still a small college- and still a private one, thanks to UNK UNK This is not out of keeping with its UNK probably the most humble of any in the Ivy group. UNK UNK a Presbyterian minister, founded the school in UNK naming it after the second UNK of Dartmouth, its sponsor and UNK UNK UNK on the Hanover UNK found its great forests and UNK good and with his own hands built the first College Hall, a log hut dedicated "for the education + instruction of Youth of the Indian UNK in this Land in reading, writing + all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for UNK + UNK Children of UNK as well as in all liberal Arts and UNK and also of English Youth and any others". It was a hardy UNK and UNK was indeed "a voice crying in the UNK A road had to be UNK through UNK forests between Hanover and UNK to permit Governor UNK and a company of gentlemen to attend the first Dartmouth UNK in UNK The governor and his UNK thoughtfully brought with them a glorious silver UNK which is still one of the cherished possessions of the college. The UNK on this occasion set a standard for subsequent Dartmouth UNK A student orator UNK tears from a great number of the UNK even before the punch was served. Then from the branches of a near-by tree an Indian UNK UNK both the platform and the English language, UNK the assemblage in his UNK tongue. Governor UNK contributed an ox for a barbecue on the green beneath the UNK UNK and a barrel of UNK was UNK The cook got drunk, and President UNK proved to be a man of broad talents by carving the ox himself. Future UNK were more UNK perhaps, but the number of graduates increased from the original four at a relatively slow pace. By the end of the nineteenth century, in UNK when the Big UNK Columbia, and Penn were populous centers of learning, Dartmouth graduated only UNK The UNK including the beloved Dartmouth Hall, could barely house two hundred students in UNK fashion. Then in UNK Dr& William UNK Tucker became president and the UNK great awakening began. He transformed Dartmouth from a small New Hampshire institution into a national college. By 1907 the number of undergraduates had risen to UNK And at his last UNK in that year, Dr& Tucker and Dartmouth were honored by the presence of distinguished academic visitors UNK to the new stature of the college. The presidents of UNK Wisconsin, UNK UNK Vermont, Brown, Columbia, Princeton, UNK and Harvard and the presidents UNK of Harvard and Michigan were there. Dartmouth is UNK still a small college today, with approximately UNK hundred undergraduates. But it has achieved a cross-section of students from almost all the states, and two-thirds of its undergraduates come from outside New England. Over 450 different schools are usually represented in each entering class. Only a dozen or so schools send as many as six students, and there are seldom more than fifteen men in any single UNK About two-thirds of the boys now come from public schools. It is still a college only and not a UNK it is, in fact, the only college in the Ivy group. However, three distinguished associated graduate schools offer professional UNK the Dartmouth Medical School UNK oldest in the country and founded in UNK the UNK School of Engineering, and the Amos UNK School of Business Administration. All three are purposely kept small, with a current total enrollment of about two hundred. All three schools coordinate their educational programs with that of the undergraduate college and, like the college proper, place emphasis upon a broad liberal arts course as the proper foundation for specialized study. Students of the college who are candidates for the A&B& degree and can satisfy the academic requirements of the medical and business schools, may enter either of these associated schools at the beginning of senior year, thus completing the two-year postgraduate course in one year. The UNK School offers a year of postgraduate study in somewhat the same way, after a boy wins a UNK in UNK So Dartmouth is moving closer to the others in the Ivy group. It is still, however, the junior member of the League, if not in years at least in the catching up it has had to do. It has not been a well-known school for any part of the span the other UNK have UNK However much football has been UNK the public likes to measure its collegiate favorites by the UNK so, while Yale need never give its record a thought again since UNK its opponents UNK to 0 in the season of 1888, Dartmouth had to wait until its championship team of 1925 for national recognition. It has come on with a rush in more significant areas. Today it UNK certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat UNK But Dartmouth preserves its youthful UNK even in its educational attitudes, and, although some of its experiments may still be in the testing stage, they make for lively UNK President UNK Hopkins once proposed to corral an UNK of UNK in UNK The person who left the buggy there has never been UNK It was a busy street, conveniently near the shopping center, and UNK horses and wagons were often left at the UNK There are, of course, many weaknesses in any case against UNK She didn't like her UNK but nothing is known to have occurred shortly before the crime that could have caused such a murderous UNK She had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed. She would have been taking more than a fair risk of being seen and recognized during her UNK If she avoided the train and hired a UNK the UNK might have recognized her. If police had checked on her more thoroughly than is indicated, she would be completely eliminated as a suspect. ## Uncle John UNK Morse was the immediate popular suspect. His sudden UNK appearance at the Borden home was strange in that he did not carry an UNK of baggage with him, although he clearly intended to stay overnight, if not longer. Lizzie stated during the inquest that while her father and uncle were in the sitting room the afternoon before the murders, she had been disturbed by their voices and had closed her door, even though it was a very hot day. It is evident that Lizzie did not tell everything she overheard between her father and her Uncle UNK At that time Jennings had a young law associate named Arthur S& UNK A few years ago, not too long before his death, Phillips revealed in a newspaper story that he had always suspected Morse of the murders. He said Morse and Borden had quarreled violently in the house that day, information which must have come from UNK It was obviously the sound of this argument that caused Lizzie to close her door. The New UNK UNK has reported UNK as saying, long after the trial, that if he only knew what Borden said during his conversation with Morse, he would have convicted UNK UNK UNK did not say that he would have obtained a conviction in the trial of Lizzie UNK He said he would have convicted UNK It is known that Morse did associate with a group of UNK horse traders who made their headquarters at UNK a town not far from Fall River. They were a UNK lot and considered to be UNK and undesirable characters. Fall River police did go to UNK to see if they could get any information against Morse and possibly find an UNK whom he might have hired from among these men. These officers found no UNK information. Morse's UNK was not as solid as it UNK He said he returned from the visit to his niece on the 11:20 streetcar. The woman in the house where the niece was staying backed up his story and said she left when he did to shop for her dinner. Fall River is not a fashionable town. The dinner hour there was twelve noon. If this woman had delayed until after 11:20 to start her shopping, she would have had little time in which to prepare the substantial meal that was eaten at dinner in those days. It is possible that Morse told the woman it was UNK but it could have been earlier, since she did serve dinner on time. Police did make an attempt to check on Morse's UNK They interviewed the conductor of the streetcar Morse said he had taken, but the man did not remember Morse as a UNK UNK further, Morse said that there had been four or five priests riding on the same car with him. The conductor did recall having priests as passengers and this satisfied police, although the conductor also pointed out that in heavily Catholic Fall River there were priests riding on almost every trip the streetcar made, so Morse's statement really proved nothing. We do know that Morse left the house before nine o'clock. Bridget testified she saw him leave through the side door. Morse said Borden let him out and locked the screen door. From that point on he said he went to the post office and then walked leisurely to where his niece was UNK more than a mile away. He met nobody he knew on this walk. There is no accounting of his movements in this long gap of time which covers the early hours when Mrs& Borden was killed. Morse testified that while he was having breakfast in the dining room, Mrs& Borden told the servant, UNK I want you to wash these windows today". UNK testimony was in direct UNK She said it was after she returned from her UNK spell in the back yard that Mrs& Borden told her to wash the windows. This was long after Morse had left the house. Morse's knowledge of what Mrs& Borden told Bridget could indicate that he had returned secretly to the house and was hidden there. He knew the house fairly well, he had been there on two previous visits during the past three or four months alone. And despite UNK attempts to show that the house was locked up UNK than a UNK this was not true. The screen door was unlocked for some ten or fifteen minutes while Bridget was sick in the back. It was unlocked all the time she was washing windows. Morse could have returned openly while Bridget was sick in the back yard and gone up to the room he had UNK Mrs& Borden would not have been UNK if she saw Morse with an ax or hatchet in his hand. He had been to the farm the previous day and he could have said they needed the ax or hatchet at the farm. Mrs& Borden would have had no reason to UNK him and he could have approached close enough to her to swing before she could cry out. He could have left for UNK Street after her murder and made it in plenty of time by using the streetcar. If he took an earlier streetcar than the 11:20 on his return, he could have arrived at the Borden house shortly after Mr& Borden came home. With Lizzie in the UNK the screen door unlocked and Bridget upstairs in her attic room, he would have had free and easy access to the house. With the second murder over, he could have left, hidden the weapon in some vacant lot or an abandoned UNK in the neighborhood. His unconcerned stroll down the side of the house to a UNK tree, with crowds already gathering in front of the building and UNK guarding the side door, was odd. There was no close examination of his clothes for UNK and certainly no scientific test was made of them. And for a man who traveled around without any change of clothing, a few more stains on his dark suit may very well have gone UNK The motive may have been the mysterious UNK there was no financial gain for Morse in the murders. On the other side of the UNK is the fact that he did see his niece and the woman with whom she was UNK The time would have been shortly after the murder of Mrs& Borden and they noticed nothing unusual in his behavior. He said he had promised Mrs& Borden to return in time for dinner and that was close to the time when he did turn up at the Borden house. ## What did Pearson say about Bridget Sullivan as a possible suspect in his UNK UNK He wrote: "The police soon ceased to look upon either Bridget or Mr& Morse as in possession of guilty knowledge. Neither had any interest in the UNK indeed, it was probably to Mr& Morse's advantage to have Mr& and Mrs& Borden alive. Both he and Bridget were UNK by Lizzie UNK That was his complete discussion of Bridget Sullivan as a possible suspect. Although Pearson UNK almost everything Lizzie said, and read a sinister purpose into almost everything she did, he happily accepted her statement about Bridget as the whole truth. He felt nothing further need be said about the servant girl. The UNK Pearson speaks of is not an UNK but UNK expression of her opinion, as reported in the testimony of Assistant Marshal UNK This officer had asked Lizzie if she suspected her Uncle Morse, and she replied she didn't think he did it because he left the house before the UNK and returned after them. UNK asked the same question about UNK and Lizzie pointed out that as far as she knew Bridget had gone up to her room before her father's murder and came down when she called her. UNK UNK never named any suspect. She told police about the prospective UNK she had heard quarreling with her father some weeks before the murders, but she said she thought he was from out of town because she heard him mention something about talking to his partner. And, much as she detested UNK UNK she also did not accuse him. At the inquest she was asked specifically whether she knew anybody her father had bad feelings UNK or who had bad feelings toward her father. She replied, "I know of one man that has not been friendly with him. They have not been friendly for years". Asked who this was, she named UNK Her statement certainly was UNK the press reported the same facts in using UNK interview, but Lizzie did not suggest at the inquest that UNK was the UNK When I interviewed UNK who as a boy picked up UNK in the Borden yard, I asked if anybody else in the household besides Lizzie and Morse had been under any suspicion at the time of the murders. He said he had not heard of anybody else. "How about Bridget UNK I UNK "Oh, she was just the maid there", he replied, waving a hand to indicate how completely unimportant she was. UNK was, of course, reflecting the opinion that existed at the time of the murders. Everyone somehow manages to overlook completely the fact that, as far as we know, there were exactly two people in and about the house at the time of both UNK Lizzie Borden and Bridget UNK All the officials on the case seem to have been afflicted with a similar UNK as far as Bridget was concerned, although records in police files contain many reports of servants who have murdered their employers. True, it is no longer UNK for the UNK to be the killer in mystery fiction, but we are dealing here with actual people in real life and not imaginary characters and situations. The actions of Bridget should be examined, since she was there and opportunity did exist, if only to establish her UNK There are also other factors that require closer examination. The legend as it exists in Fall River today always includes the solemn assurance that Bridget returned to Ireland after the trial with a "big UNK of cash which Lizzie gave her for keeping her mouth UNK The people who believe and UNK the legend have apparently never troubled to read the trial testimony and do not know that the maid changed her testimony on several key points, always to the UNK of UNK If Bridget did get any bundles of cash, the last person who would have rewarded her for services rendered would have been Lizzie UNK Bridget was born in UNK one of fourteen children. She was apparently the pioneer in her family because she had no close relatives in this country at that time. She worked as a UNK first in Newport for a year, and then in South UNK Pennsylvania, for another year. She finally settled in Fall River and, after being employed for a time by a Mrs& UNK was hired by the UNK I have previously described how, during the week of the murder, Bridget spent the first few hot days UNK and UNK clothes. Her father, James UNK was the Upton mentioned by Hawthorne in the famous introduction to the UNK UNK as one of those who came into the old custom house to do business with him as the UNK of the UNK A gentleman of the old school, Mr& Upton possessed intellectual power, ample means, and UNK was a devoted Christian. The daughter profited from his interest in scientific and philosophical subjects. Her mother also was a person of superior mind and broad interests. There is clear evidence that Lucy from childhood had an unusual mind. She possessed an UNK eye, a UNK memory, and a critical faculty. When she was nine years old, she wrote a description of a store she had UNK She named 48 items, and said there were "many more things which it would take too long to UNK An essay on UNK written at 10 years of age quoted the Declaration of Independence, the freedom given to slaves in Canada, and the views of George Washington. Lucy Upton was graduated from the Salem High School when few colleges, only UNK and UNK were open to UNK and she had an appetite for learning that could not be denied. A picture of her in high school comes from a younger UNK Albert S& UNK friend of her brother Winslow, and later, like Winslow, a noted UNK He recalled UNK as "a UNK UNK young lady who came regularly through the boys' study hall to join the class in Greek in the little recitation room UNK The study of Greek was the distinctive mark of boys destined to go to college, and Lucy Upton too expected to go to college and take the full classical course offered to men. The death of her mother in 1865 prevented this. With four younger children at home, Lucy stepped into her mother's role, and even after the brothers and sisters were grown, she was her father's comfort and stay until he died in UNK But even so Lucy could not give up her intellectual UNK When her brother Winslow became a student at Brown University in UNK she wrote him about a course in history he was taking under Professor UNK "What is Prof& UNK definition of civilization, and take the world through, is its progress ever UNK or does it retrograde at times? Do you think I might UNK study some of the history you do, perhaps two weeks behind you **h". And that she proceeded to do. Many years later (on August 3, UNK Lucy Upton wrote UNK daughter soon to be graduated from Smith UNK UNK I love UNK which, after UNK in for years, I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school, it must be fascinating to take up UNK in the way you are doing. Whatever was the science in the high school course for the time being, that was my favorite study. UNK came UNK Her study of history was persistently UNK She read UNK UNK UNK UNK I enjoyed very UNK La UNK on the UNK of the Middle UNK 16 chapters of UNK "and liked it more and UNK more chapters of UNK UNK and UNK UNK UNK She discussed in her letters to Winslow some of the questions that came to her as she studied alone. UNK correspondence with brother Winslow during his college days was not entirely taken up with academic studies. She played UNK with him by UNK Also Lucy and Winslow had a private contest to see which one could make the most words from the letters in UNK Who won is not UNK but UNK daughter Eleanor says they got up to UNK words. There was another family interest also. Winslow had musical talents, as had his father before him. At different times he served as UNK and choir leader and as UNK And it was Lucy Upton who first started the idea of a regular course in Music at Spelman College. Winslow Upton after graduation from Brown University and two years of graduate study, accepted a position at the Harvard UNK For three years he was connected with the U&S& Naval UNK and with the U&S& Signal UNK and after UNK was professor of astronomy at Brown University. The six UNK to study eclipses of the sun, of which he was a member, took him to Colorado, Virginia, and California as well as to the South Pacific and to Russia. After her father's death, Lucy and her youngest sister lived for a few years with Winslow in Washington, D&C&. UNK UNK writes Albert S& UNK "was always a haven of hospitality and good UNK especially grateful to one like myself far from home". Lucy was a lively part of the UNK Moreover, she had physical as well as mental UNK Winslow, as his daughters Eleanor and Margaret UNK used to characterize her as "our iron UNK There is reason to suppose that Lucy would have made a record as publicly distinguished as her brother had it not been that her mother's death occurred just as she was about to enter college. As a matter of fact, Albert S& UNK expressed his conviction that "her physical strength, her mental power, her lively interest in all objects about her and her readiness to serve her fellow UNK would have led her "to a distinguished career amongst the noted women of this country". While in Washington, D&C&, Lucy Upton held positions in the U&S& UNK Office, and in the UNK Bureau. They were not sufficiently challenging however, and she resigned in UNK to go to Germany with her brother Winslow and his family while he was there on study. After the months in Europe, she returned to Boston and became active in church and community life. What was called an UNK UNK with Miss Packard in Washington turned her attention to UNK Here was a cause she believed in. After correspondence with Miss Packard and to the joy of Miss Packard and Miss UNK she came to Atlanta, in the fall of 1888, to help wherever needed, although there was then no money available to pay her a salary. She served for a number of years without pay beyond her travel and maintenance. Her students have spoken of the UNK standards of scholarship and of manners and conduct she expected and achieved from the UNK of her "great power of UNK of "her UNK of UNK "her UNK voice that went straight to the hearts of the UNK her great love of flowers and plants and UNK and her close knowledge of individual students. She drew on all her resources of mind and heart to help them- to make them at home in the world; and as graduates gratefully UNK she drew on her purse as well. Many a student was able to remain at UNK only because of her unobtrusive help. Under Miss UNK the work of the year UNK went forward without UNK After all, she had come to Spelman Seminary in 1888, and had been since UNK except for one year, Associate Principal or UNK She had taught classes in UNK astronomy (with the aid of a UNK UNK and UNK Miss Upton and Miss Packard, as a matter of fact, had many tastes in UNK Both had eager and inquiring UNK and both believed that intellectual growth must go hand in hand with the development of sturdy character and Christian UNK Both loved the UNK including mountain UNK and UNK UNK In UNK when the trip to Europe and the Holy Land was arranged for Miss Packard, it was Miss Upton who planned the trip, and "with rare executive UNK bore the UNK of "the entire pilgrimage from beginning to UNK So strenuous it was UNK with its days of UNK riding over rough roads that it seems an amazing feat of endurance for both Miss Packard and Miss UNK Yet they UNK on it. At the UNK Anniversary UNK as already UNK Miss Upton projected with force and UNK the Spelman of the Future as a college of first rank, with expanding and unlimited horizons. When Dr& Wallace UNK wise in his judgment of people, declined to have the Science Building named for him, he wrote Miss UNK UNK 7, UNK "**h If you had asked me, I think I would have suggested that you name the building for Miss UNK Her services to the School for many years were of a very high character, and I have often thought that one of the buildings should be named for her". Such were the qualities of the UNK of the Seminary after the death of Miss Giles. At the meeting of the Board of Trustees, on March 3, 1910, Miss Upton presented the annual report of the President. She noted that no student had been withdrawn through loss of UNK that the enrollment showed an increase of boarding students as was UNK and that the year's work had gone forward UNK She urged the importance of more thorough preparation for UNK The raising of the $25,000 UNK Fund two days before the time limit UNK and the spontaneous UNK UNK held afterward on the campus, were reported as events which had brought happiness to Miss Giles. With the Fund in hand, the debt on the UNK had been UNK Rockefeller and Packard UNK had been UNK walks UNK and ground had been broken for the UNK home. Miss Upton spoke gratefully of the response of Spelman graduates and Negro friends in helping to raise the Fund, and their continuing efforts to raise money for greatly needed current UNK She spoke also with deep UNK of the many individuals and agencies whose interest and efforts through the years had made the work so fruitful in results. Two UNK were UNK one of $200 under the will of Mrs& Harriet A& UNK of Los UNK and one of $2,000 under the will of Miss UNK L& UNK of Hamilton, New York, a friend from the early days. Miss Upton told the Trustees that the death of Miss Giles was "the UNK UNK the Seminary had ever been called upon to bear. The daughters of UNK she said, had never known or thought of Spelman without her. The removal of Miss Packard 18 years earlier had caused them great UNK but they still had Miss Giles. Now the school was indeed UNK UNK Spelman has strong, deep roots, and will live for the blessing of generations to UNK #@# Miss Mary Jane Packard, UNK UNK became ill in March, UNK and when school closed, she was unable to travel to Massachusetts. She remained in Atlanta through June and UNK she died on August UNK Before coming on a visit to Spelman in UNK Miss Mary had been a successful teacher in UNK and her position there was held open for her for a considerable period. But she decided to stay at UNK She helped with teaching as well as office work for a few years- the UNK show that she had classes in UNK rhetoric and UNK Soon the office work claimed all her time. She was closely associated with the Founders in all their trials and UNK UNK and energetic, cheerful and calm, she too was a power in the development of the UNK Miss Giles always used to refer to her as UNK She served as secretary in the Seminary office for 25 years, and was in charge of correspondence, records, and UNK The books of the school hold a memorial to her; and so do the hearts of students and of teachers. Mary J& Packard, states a UNK editorial, was UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK the spirit of her UNK With infinite patience she responded to every call, no matter at what cost to herself, and to her all went, for she was sure to have the needed information or word of UNK In a few school districts one finds a link between school and job. In those vocational programs organized with UNK money, there may be a close tie between the labor union and a local employer on the one hand and the vocational teacher on the other. In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program, saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12. The apprentice program will involve further education on a part-time basis, usually at night, perhaps using some of the same equipment of the high school. These opportunities are to be found in certain cities in such UNK as auto UNK UNK UNK electrical work, UNK work, and UNK work. UNK organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation. The UNK UNK program is a part-time UNK program conducted over two school years on a cooperative basis between the school and local industrial and business employers. The UNK UNK program operates in a similar way, with arrangements between the school and employers in merchandising fields. In both cases the student attends school UNK and works in a regular job the other half. He receives UNK for his work. In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student, while still in school, to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation. UNK education courses, UNK programs of various UNK these are all evidence of a continuing interest of the schools in UNK educational opportunities for UNK youth. In general, however, it may be said that when a boy or a girl leaves the high school, the school authorities play little or no part in the decision of what happens next. If the student drops out of high school, the break with the school is even more complete. When there is employment opportunity for youth, this UNK or lack of UNK works out quite well. Indeed, in some periods of our history and in some neighborhoods the job opportunities have been so good that undoubtedly a great many boys who were potential members of the professions quit school at an early age and went to work. UNK this has represented a loss to the nation, although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in UNK may have been a wise one. I make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered. He may or may not be UNK UNK than his UNK who went on to a college and professional school. But in the next decades the nation needs to educate for the professions all the potential professional talent. In a later chapter dealing with the suburban school, I shall discuss the importance of arranging a program for the academically talented and highly gifted youth in any high school where he is found. In the Negro neighborhoods and also to some extent in the mixed neighborhoods the problem may be one of identification and UNK High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work. Undoubtedly far more can be done in the lower grades in this regard in the Negro schools. However, the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is UNK And the fact remains that there are today few shining examples of Negroes in positions of intellectual leadership. This is not due to any policy of discrimination on the part of the Northern universities. Quite the contrary, as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president. Rather we see here another vicious circle. The absence of successful Negroes in the world of scholarship and science has tended to UNK down enthusiasm among Negro youth for academic UNK I believe the situation is UNK but the success stories need to be heavily UNK Here again we run into the roadblock that Negroes do not like to be designated as Negroes in the press. How can the vicious circle be UNK This is a problem to which leaders of opinion, both Negro and white, should devote far more attention. It is at least as important as the more dramatic attempts to break down barriers of UNK in the South. UNK UNK I should like to UNK four points I made in my first report with respect to vocational education. First and foremost, vocational courses should not replace courses which are essential parts of the required academic program for graduation. Second, vocational courses should be provided in grades 11 and 12 and not require more than half the student's time in those years; however, for slow UNK and prospective UNK these courses ought to begin earlier. Third, the significance of the vocational courses is that those enrolled are UNK interested in the work; they realize the relevance of what they are learning to their future careers, and this sense of purpose is carried over to the academic courses which they are studying at the same time. Fourth, the type of vocational training programs should be related to the employment opportunities in the general UNK This last point is important because if high school pupils are aware that few, if any, graduates who have chosen a certain vocational program have obtained a job as a consequence of the training, the whole idea of relevance UNK Vocational training which holds no hope that the skill developed will be in fact a marketable skill becomes just another school UNK for those whose interest in their studies has begun to UNK Those who, because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees, would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience. I have been using the word UNK as a UNK would at first sight think it should be used. I intend to include under the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls. These courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the UNK UNK Practically all of these practical skills are of such a nature that a degree of mastery can be obtained in high school sufficient to enable the youth to get a job at once on the basis of the skill. They are in this sense skills marketable immediately on graduation from high school. To be sure, in UNK work and in the building trades, the first job must be often on an apprentice basis, but two years of UNK vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status. Similarly, a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of UNK and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community college or secretarial school. Of course, it can be argued that an ability to write English correctly and with some degree of elegance is a marketable skill. So, too, is the mathematical competence of a college graduate who has UNK in mathematics. In a sense almost all high school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his UNK (which may be a UNK will be called upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence obtained. In spite of the shading of one type of course into another, I believe it is useful to talk about vocational courses as apart from academic courses. Perhaps a course in UNK might be regarded as the exception which proves the rule. Today many college bound students try to take a course in personal UNK as they feel a certain degree of mastery of this skill is almost essential for one who proposes to do academic work in college and a professional school. Most of our largest cities have one or more separate vocational or technical high schools. In this respect, public education in the large cities differs from education in the smaller cities and consolidated school districts. The neighborhood high schools are not, strictly speaking, comprehensive schools, because some of the boys and girls may be attending a vocational or technical high school instead of the local school. Indeed, one school superintendent in a large city objects to the use of the term comprehensive high school for the senior high schools in his city, because these schools do not offer strictly vocational programs. He prefers to designate such schools as UNK high schools. The suburban high school, it is worth UNK also is not a widely comprehensive high school because of the absence of vocational programs. The reason is that there is a lack of interest on the part of the community. Therefore employment and education in all the schools in a metropolitan area are related in different ways from those which are characteristic of the comprehensive high school described in my first report. The separate vocational or technical high schools in the large cities must be reckoned as permanent institutions. By and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system. It is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment, except for a lucky few. One has to talk UNK with some of the directors of vocational high schools to realize that a boy cannot just say, "I want to be a UNK and then, by doing good work, find a job. It is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get into the most selective medical school in the nation. Two stories will illustrate what I have in mind. One vocational instructor in a city vocational school, speaking of his course in a certain field, said he had no difficulty placing all students in jobs UNK of the city. In the city, he said, the waiting list for those who want to join the union is so long that unless a boy has an inside track he can't get in. In a far distant part of the United States, I was talking to an instructor about a boy who in the twelfth grade was doing special work. "What does he have in mind to do when he UNK "Oh, he'll be a UNK came the answer. "But isn't it almost impossible to get into the UNK I asked. "He'll have no UNK I was told. "He has very good UNK In my view, there should be a school which offers significant vocational programs for boys within easy reach of every family in a city. UNK these schools should be so located that one or more should be in the area where demand for practical courses is at the UNK An excellent example of a successful location of a new vocational high school is the Dunbar Vocational High School in Chicago. UNK in a bad slum area now undergoing UNK this school and its program are especially tailored to the vocational aims of its students. UNK a window has been broken since Dunbar first was opened (and UNK in schools is a major problem in many slum UNK I discovered in the course of a visit there that almost all the pupils were Negroes. They were learning trades as diverse as shoe UNK UNK UNK cabinet making, auto UNK and airplane UNK The physical facilities at Dunbar are UNK but more impressive is the attitude of the pupils. The UNK seed is the most important UNK food in the world. In the United States, where half of the world crop is grown, UNK are processed for their edible oil. The residue from UNK processing goes mainly into animal UNK UNK are extensively processed into a remarkable number of food products in the UNK American UNK seeking to increase exports of UNK have adapted modern techniques and UNK methods to improve their use in such traditional Japanese foods as UNK and UNK and in UNK of UNK UNK flour, UNK UNK UNK and UNK can be bought in the United States. UNK are the world's second most important UNK They are used mainly for their oil. We produce peanut oil, but to a much greater extent we eat the entire seed. UNK UNK as prepared for making peanut butter or for eating as nuts, are roasted seeds whose UNK have been rubbed off. Cereal grains, supplemented with UNK or dry edible peas or beans, comprise about two-thirds or UNK of the diet in parts of Asia and Africa. In western Europe and North America, where the level of economic development is higher, grains and other seed products furnish less than one-third of the food UNK Rather, meat and potatoes, sugar, and dairy products are the main sources of UNK protein, oils, and UNK People depend less on seeds for foods in Australia, New UNK and UNK where extensive grazing lands support sheep or cattle, and the consumption of meat is high. UNK for livestock took about UNK of the world's cereal crop in UNK Most of the grain is fed to UNK and dairy cows and lesser amounts to beef cattle and UNK About 90 percent of the corn used in the United States is fed to animals. The rest is used for human food and industrial products. More than half of the UNK and barley seeds we produce and most of the byproducts of the milling of cereals and the crushing of oilseeds are fed to livestock. More than 200 million tons of seeds and seed products are fed to livestock annually in the United States. The efficiency with which animals convert grains and UNK to meat has risen steadily in the United States since the 1930's and has paralleled the increased feeding of the cake and meal that are a UNK when seeds are processed for oil. ## THE DEMAND for food is so great in the world that little UNK land can be given over to growing the UNK UNK Seeds grown for industrial uses hold a relatively minor position. Chief among the seed crops grown primarily for industrial uses are the UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK from the China UNK UNK UNK (from an Oriental UNK and UNK (from a Brazilian UNK UNK or liquid UNK from the seeds of UNK and UNK have long been the principal constituents of paints and UNK for protecting and UNK the surfaces of wood and metal. These oils develop hard, smooth films when they dry and form UNK substances. The artist who paints in oil uses drying oils to carry the pigments and to protect his finished work for the ages. One of the finest of artists' oils comes from UNK seeds. Seeds of UNK cotton, corn, UNK and UNK yield UNK UNK Some are used in paints along with drying UNK Palm oil protects the surfaces of steel sheets before they are UNK with UNK UNK oil, made from UNK has gone out of style as a medicine. This UNK oil, however, is now more in demand than ever before as a fine UNK as a constituent of fluids for UNK operated equipment, and as a source of chemicals to make plastics. UNK oil, another UNK oil, was once used extensively in UNK to extract flower UNK It is still used in drugs and UNK but it is rather scarce and sometimes is UNK with oils from UNK and UNK seeds. UNK fats from all these oilseeds enter into the manufacture of UNK for industry and the household and of UNK for such industrial uses as making UNK UNK amounts of UNK UNK and palm kernel UNK seed oils that are produced primarily for food UNK also are used to make UNK UNK and paint UNK Solid fats from the seeds of the UNK tree, the UNK tree, and the coconut palm are used to make candles in tropical countries. Seeds are a main source of UNK for industrial and food use in many parts of the world. Corn and wheat supply most of the UNK in the United States, Canada, and UNK In other countries where cereal grains are not among the principal crops of a region, UNK UNK or roots are processed for UNK UNK is used in the paper, UNK and UNK industries and in a UNK of other manufacturing operations. UNK were extracted from UNK psyllium UNK UNK and locust UNK seeds in ancient times. Today the yearly import into the United States of locust bean gum is more than 15 million pounds; of psyllium UNK more than 2.6 million. The discovery during the Second World War that UNK gum was similar to imported locust gum increased its cultivation in western Asia and initiated it in the United States. UNK gums are used in foods and drugs and in the manufacture of pulp and paper as UNK UNK or UNK UNK UNK gum UNK salad UNK and UNK ice UNK UNK seed gum is the main ingredient in UNK UNK Once regarded as an agricultural UNK psyllium was sold in the 1930's as a mechanical UNK under UNK different UNK UNK gum is added to pulp UNK to break up the UNK of fibers in making paper. ## THE UNK of hard, UNK stony UNK called nuts, provide highly concentrated foods, oils, and other materials of value. Most nuts consist of the richly packaged storage kernel and its thick, UNK brown UNK the UNK The kernels of UNK nuts, UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK nuts, UNK UNK and pine nuts are predominantly UNK UNK and UNK nuts are not so high in oil but are rich in UNK UNK are UNK All nut kernels are rich in UNK The world production of familiar seed UNK UNK UNK nuts, UNK and the English UNK totals about 300 thousand tons annually. UNK the fruit of the coconut UNK have the largest of all known seeds and are grown in South Pacific islands as a crop for domestic and export markets. The oil palm of West Africa yields edible oil from both the flesh and the seed or kernel of its fruit. World production of UNK the UNK flesh of the UNK was a little more than 3 million tons in 1959. UNK from producing countries in terms of equivalent oil were a little more than 1 million UNK about half of which was palm kernels or oil from them and about half was palm oil. Other nuts consumed in lesser quantity include the UNK UNK the soap nut, which owes its UNK power to natural UNK the marking nut, used for ink and UNK the UNK UNK nut of South UNK and the UNK UNK nut, which is suited for UNK A forest crop that has not been extensively cultivated is ivory nuts from the UNK UNK The so-called vegetable ivory is the hard UNK of the UNK seed. It is used for making buttons and other small, hard objects of UNK Seeds of the UNK palm are used in UNK to make heads and faces of dolls sold to UNK ## THE UNK AND UNK of seeds have long made them attractive for UNK and UNK Since Biblical times, UNK have been made from UNK the seeds of an UNK grass. UNK tree seeds are the UNK of South Pacific UNK and the eyes of Buddha dolls in Cuba. Victorian ladies had a UNK of UNK unusual seeds to wear as UNK UNK Christmas UNK and trees often contain a variety of seeds collected during the year. UNK has assigned UNK values to seeds because of their UNK UNK oils, and highly UNK components. Although science has given us more effective materials, preparations from UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK mustard, UNK and UNK are familiar to many for the relief of human UNK UNK UNK and mustard UNK still are used by some persons. UNK and UNK oils often are used as carriers or UNK for UNK administered by UNK Still another group of seeds UNK tiny, dry, UNK UNK provide distinctive UNK and UNK to foods, although the nutrients they supply are quite negligible. The common UNK UNK and UNK make up this group. Each year millions of pounds of UNK UNK mustard, UNK and UNK and the oils extracted from them are UNK UNK dry fruits used for UNK include several of the UNK family, such as UNK UNK UNK and UNK Less common seeds used in cooking and UNK include UNK UNK maple UNK and UNK White pepper is the ground seed of the common black pepper fruit. UNK UNK which comes from the tall UNK of a plant grown in Egypt, UNK and Central America, has a UNK flavor and can be used in almost any dish calling for UNK It is a main UNK for UNK the candy of the Middle East. UNK sticks, a snack UNK originated in the UNK UNK are made from seeds the world over. Coffee is made from the roasted and ground seeds of the coffee tree. World production of coffee broke all previous records in 1959 and 1960 at more than 5 million tons. UNK capita consumption remains around 16 pounds in the United States. UNK UNK and UNK butter come from the ground seeds of the UNK tree. World production of about 1 million tons is divided primarily between Africa UNK UNK and South America UNK UNK Several soft drinks contain extracts from UNK nuts, the seed of the UNK tree cultivated in the West Indies and South America. Cereal grains have been used for centuries to prepare fermented UNK The Japanese sake is wine fermented from rice UNK UNK is distilled from fermented rice in India. UNK generally fermented from UNK is an old UNK UNK UNK was UNK by the UNK and Egyptians more than 6 thousand years ago. UNK today use corn, UNK and UNK UNK UNK use corn, UNK wheat, grain UNK and UNK in making beverage alcohol. ## UNK UNK hold a prominent place in the agricultural economy of the United States. The farm value of seeds produced in this country for all purposes, including the UNK is nearly 10 billion dollars a year. Cereal grains, UNK and dry UNK and peas account for about 57 percent of the farm value of all crops raised. The economic importance of seed crops actually is even greater, because additional returns are obtained from most of the corn, oats, UNK and UNK as well as the cake and meal from the processing of UNK UNK and UNK through conversion to poultry, meat, and dairy products. Seeds furnish about 40 percent of the total nutrients consumed by all livestock. UNK and pasture are the other chief sources of livestock feed. Seeds are the essential raw materials for milling grain, UNK crushing UNK UNK edible oil, UNK UNK and mixing feed. More than 11 thousand business establishments in the United States were based on cereals and oilseeds in 1954. The value of products from these industries was UNK billion dollars, of which about one-third was created by manufacturing processes. Not included was the value of seed oil in paints and UNK or the value of the coffee and chocolate industries that are based on imported seed or seed products. Cereal grains furnish about one-fourth of the total food calories in the American diet and about one-third of the total nutrients consumed by all livestock and UNK To hold a herd of cattle on a new range till they felt at home was called UNK UNK To keep 'em scattered somewhat and yet herd 'em was called "loose UNK To hold 'em in a compact mass was UNK UNK Cattle were inclined to remain in a territory with which they were UNK That became their UNK UNK Yet there were always some that moved farther and farther out, UNK grass and water. These became UNK the term UNK restricted to cattle, however, as UNK under like circumstances, were spoken of as UNK UNK not merely UNK Cattle would drift day and night in a blizzard till it was over. You couldn't stop UNK you had to go with 'em or wait till the storm was over, and follow. Such UNK in wholesale numbers was called a UNK or UNK UNK and if the storm was prolonged it usually resulted in one of the tragedies of the range. The cowboy made a technical distinction in reference to the number of them animals. The single animal or a small bunch were referred to as UNK but when a large number were UNK up" or UNK UNK and marched away from their home range, as long as they stayed together the group was said to be a UNK Drifts usually occurred in winter in an effort to escape the severe cold UNK but it could also occur in summer as the result of lack of water or grass because of a UNK or as an UNK of a UNK Drifts usually happened only with cattle, for UNK had UNK sense to avoid UNK and to find shelter for UNK The wholesale death of cattle as a result of UNK and sometimes UNK over a wide range of territory was called a UNK UNK such an event there was usually a harvest of UNK UNK and the UNK needed UNK knives instead of UNK UNK Cattle were said to be UNK when UNK UNK that is, caught in a corner or a UNK or against a UNK UNK durin' a storm. Cattle which died from them winter storms were referred to as the UNK UNK When cattle in winter stopped and UNK their backs up they were said to UNK up". This term was also used by the cowboy in the sense of a human UNK fight, as one cowhand was heard to say, "He arches his back like a mule in a UNK Cattle drove to the northern ranges and held for two UNK to mature 'em into prime beef were said to be UNK UNK Cattle brought into a range from a distance were called UNK UNK new to the country were referred to as UNK This word was first applied to the imported UNK cattle, but later was more commonly used as reference to a human UNK UNK cattle were often called UNK UNK or UNK cattle", and the old-time UNK gave the name of UNK stock" to them newly introduced cattle. Because UNK cattle weren't a beef UNK they were rarely seen on a ranch, though one might be found now and then for the milk supply. The cowboy called this breed of cattle UNK A UNK was a UNK offspring of buffalo and cattle. UNK stock" UNK regardless of age or sex, such UNK as were givin' no milk. A "wet herd" was a herd of cattle made up entirely of UNK while "wet UNK referred to cows givin' milk. The UNK humorous name for a cow givin' milk was a UNK UNK Cows givin' no milk were UNK as UNK The terminology of the range, in UNK of UNK stock" and "wet UNK was UNK to the UNK The most common reference to "wet stock" was with the UNK that such animals had been smuggled across the UNK UNK after UNK stolen from their rightful owners. The term soon became used and applied to all stolen animals. UNK herd" meant a herd of mixed sexes, while a UNK steer herd" was one composed entirely of UNK and when the UNK spoke of UNK cattle", he meant cattle of various grades, ages, and UNK In the spring when penned cattle were turned out to grass, this was spoken of as UNK time", or "put to UNK UNK 'em out" was UNK cattle out of a corral onto the range. When a cow came out of a corral in a UNK run she was said to "come out UNK To stir cattle up and get 'em heated and excited was to UNK the cattle", and the act was called UNK 'em UNK or UNK UNK After a UNK the UNK of stray cattle of outside brands toward their home range was called UNK over". A cow rose from the ground rear end first. By the time her UNK were in a UNK position, her knees were on the ground in a UNK attitude. It was when she was in this position that the name UNK UNK was suggested to the UNK They were said to be "on their UNK when UNK "On the UNK was a reference to live cattle and was also used in UNK to cattle UNK by trail under their own power as against UNK by UNK UNK cattle by train was called a UNK UNK A general classification given UNK cattle was UNK When a cowboy spoke of UNK a cow, he meant that he UNK dust into her eyes. The cow, unlike a bull or UNK kept her eyes open and her mind on her business when UNK and a cow "on the UNK or "on the UNK was feared by the cowhand more than any of his other UNK The UNK name for beef was UNK and many of the old UNK adopted it from their association with the Injun on the trails. The first cattle the UNK saw under the white man's control were the ox teams of the early UNK UNK with wonder at the strange words of the UNK as they shouted UNK UNK and UNK they thought them words the names of the animals, and began UNK cattle UNK UNK did a trail herd pass through the Injun country on its march north that it wasn't stopped to receive demand for UNK UNK was the throwin' of an animal by the tail in lieu of a UNK Any animal could when UNK fast, be sent heels over head by the simple process of UNK the UNK UNK its tail, and givin' the latter a pull to one side. This UNK the animal off balance, and over UNK crash onto its head and UNK Though the slightest UNK was frequently capable of UNK results, many men assured success through a turn of the tail UNK the saddle UNK supplemented UNK in the case of cattle, by a downward UNK of the UNK leg upon the UNK UNK Such tactics were resorted to frequently with the UNK UNK and a thorough UNK usually knocked the breath out of a UNK and so UNK 'im that he'd behave for the rest of the day. It required both a quick and swift hoss and a UNK UNK When cattle became more UNK ranch owners UNK upon this practice and it was UNK at least when the boss was UNK When the cowboy used the word UNK he meant UNK UNK UNK was a game once UNK with the Mexican cowboys of Texas. From a pen of wild UNK one would be released, and with much UNK a UNK take after UNK UNK the bull by the tail, he rushed his hoss forward and a little to one side, throwin' the bull off balance, and UNK 'im with terrific force. UNK one horn of a downed steer into the ground to hold 'im down was called UNK UNK of cattle came in for their special names. An animal covered with UNK or spots of different colors was called a UNK or UNK A UNK was an animal with a stripe of different color from the rest of its body UNK down its back, while a UNK UNK was the white, UNK or brown stripe UNK down the back, from neck to tail, a characteristic of many Spanish cattle. A UNK was a cow or steer of the UNK type, with lines and dots of a color UNK the rest of its body 'round the eyes, face, and nose. Such an animal was said to be UNK UNK was a Spanish word used to describe cattle of red and white UNK and UNK UNK The northern cowboy called all the red Mexican cattle which went up the trail UNK UNK while they called all cattle drove up from Mexico UNK because they came from the UNK Injun country, or gave 'em the name of UNK UNK Near the southern UNK cattle of the early UNK breed whose UNK was black with a UNK with white UNK frequently UNK on the sides and UNK were called UNK This word was from the Spanish, UNK UNK UNK UNK were cattle of Mexican breed UNK on UNK and belly with UNK color. An animal with distinct UNK or other marks easily distinguished and remembered by the owner and his UNK was sometimes used as a UNK Such an animal has frequently been the downfall of the UNK UNK each UNK bunch of cattle where it was found on the range and UNK it back so that it didn't mix with the uncounted cattle was called a UNK UNK The countin' of cattle in a pasture without throwin' 'em together for the purpose was called a UNK UNK The counters rode through the pasture countin' each bunch of UNK cattle, and drifted it back so that it didn't get mixed with the uncounted cattle ahead. This method of countin' was usually done at the request, and in the presence, of a representative of the bank that held the papers against the UNK UNK notes and mortgages were spoken of as UNK UNK A UNK UNK was the UNK of cattle by the books, commonly resorted to in the early days, sometimes much to the profit of the UNK This led to the famous sayin' in the Northwest of the UNK won't UNK This became a common UNK durin' the boom days when Eastern and foreign capital were so eager to buy cattle interests. The origin of this sayin' was credited to a UNK by the name of UNK UNK His saloon was a UNK place for influential UNK UNK and one year durin' a severe UNK when his UNK customers were UNK long UNK he said, UNK up boys, whatever happens, the books won't UNK In this carefree sentence he summed up the essence of the UNK custom of UNK by book count, and created a sayin' which has survived through the years. UNK UNK meant that the UNK after UNK the UNK ranch records and UNK his UNK for UNK paid for what the seller claimed to own, then rode out and tried to find it. When a cowhand said that a man had "good cow UNK he meant to pay 'im a high UNK No matter by what name cattle were called, there was no UNK that they not only saved Texas from financial UNK but went far toward UNK from a wilderness vast territories of the Northwest. #@ 21 @ UNK A UNK UNK THE first use of the word UNK was as a synonym for UNK UNK an established term for any person who was active, UNK and UNK in any enterprise. Again it was used as the title for the hoss UNK and when the order was given to go out and UNK the UNK it meant for 'im to go out and herd 'em in. Eventually UNK the UNK was spoken of as UNK UNK and the UNK was called the UNK UNK Later, the word became almost exclusively applied to a cow UNK UNK from the days of the UNK when UNK were paid by their employers to "get out and UNK a few UNK IT WAS JOHN who found the lion tracks. He found them near the carcass of a UNK that had been killed the night before, and he circled once, nose to the ground, hair shooting up along his back, as it did when he was after lion or UNK and then he lifted his head and UNK and the pack joined in, all heads high, and Jones knew it was a hot UNK He UNK the UNK UNK and let John lead him straight toward the nearby black UNK UNK This mountain was known as The Black Reef and it rose almost UNK for about two hundred feet, UNK with UNK top covered with dense scrub and UNK and tall grass. On the south it ended sharply as though the UNK had been cut off there suddenly. Kearton and Ulyate had started the day together while Jones followed the dogs, and Means and Loveless had taken another UNK and now, with the discovery of the fresh trail still unknown to him, Ulyate UNK in, in the shadow of the Reef and UNK Kearton UNK his field glasses. "That's the UNK he said, "But I can't see the UNK As they UNK Jones rode straight for the Reef. Then they picked up the smaller black UNK on the plain in front of him. The dogs were working a UNK UNK UNK The pack had made a bend to the north, swinging back toward the Reef, and Kearton and Ulyate could hear them UNK Kearton got off and tore up some dry grass that grew in UNK between the rocks and piled it in a heap and wanted to make the smoke signal that would bring Loveless and Means and the rest of the party. "Not UNK cautioned UNK Jones came toward them fast, now, along the southern toe of the Reef, and the dogs could be heard UNK Old John with his Grand Canyon voice outstanding above the others. There was UNK too, also a veteran of the North UNK and UNK and the UNK from a pack of English UNK and a UNK from a London pound, and UNK a terrier **h. A motley UNK chosen for UNK not beauty. Jones was UNK close behind them leaning down, UNK them on. UNK it"! Ulyate said, and Kearton touched a match to the pile of grass, blew on it and flame licked out. He threw green stuff on it, and a thin blue column of smoke rose. "That will UNK the gang and tell the Colonel where we UNK Two quick shots UNK Then there was a chorus of wild UNK and UNK Then the heavy roar of a UNK Kearton and Ulyate looked at each other and began to UNK toward the sound. It came from the top of the Reef not half a mile away. At the base of the rocky UNK they left their horses and climbed on UNK The route was UNK with rugged UNK UNK and UNK so thickly overgrown that when Kearton lost sight of Ulyate and called, Ulyate answered from ten feet away. UNK country to meet a lion in face to face. Ulyate and Kearton climbed on toward the sound of the UNK of the dogs and the sporadic roaring of the lion, till they came, out of breath, to the UNK and peering through the branches of a UNK this is what Ulyate UNK Jones who had apparently (and actually UNK ridden up the nearly UNK UNK sitting calmly on his horse within forty feet of a UNK young UNK who was crouched on a flat rock and seemed just about to charge him, while the dogs whirled around her. Ulyate drew back with a start, and put finger to lips, almost afraid to move or whisper lest it set her off, "The dogs have got her UNK **h. She's just the other side of that UNK And when they had drawn back a step he added: UNK is sitting on his horse right in front of her. Why she doesn't charge him, I don't know. And he hasn't even got a knife on him. He couldn't get away from her in this kind of ground **h. UNK don't disturb her". ## Jones had been about a hundred and fifty feet from her when he first broke through to the top of the Reef. She was standing on a flat rock three feet above ground and when she saw him she rose to full height and UNK opening her mouth wide, UNK her tail, and stamping at the rock with both UNK in UNK as much as to say: "How dare you disturb me in my sacred UNK UNK told him, however, that she was tired and UNK from the run up the Reef and would not charge, yet. He moved forward to within thirty-five feet of her, being UNK because he knew the female is less predictable than the male. UNK the graveyard at UNK he had been shown the UNK of UNK big game hunters killed hunting the animals he was attempting to UNK Of the UNK seventeen had been killed by UNK and eleven out of the seventeen by UNK She snarled terribly but intuition told him, again, that she was UNK and he could see that half her attention was distracted by the dogs. He threw the UNK It was falling over her head when a branch of a bush caught it and it fell in front of her on the rock. Even then, if she took one step forward he could catch her. But John UNK her rear end- one UNK rear end was as good as another to John, Africa, Arizona no matter- and she changed ends and took a UNK at John, but he UNK back. Jones then UNK his rope and threw again, this time hitting her on the back but failing to UNK her. She whirled and faced him, roaring UNK and UNK watching through the leaves, could not understand why she did not charge and UNK him, because he wouldn't have much of a chance of getting away, in that thick growth, but she seemed just a trace UNK while Jones, on the other hand, appeared perfectly confident and Ulyate decided perhaps that was the answer. From the UNK point of view, this strange creature on the back of another UNK UNK out with its long thin UNK very likely appeared as something she could not at first cope with. But now she sank lower to the rock. Her roar changed to a UNK Her tail no longer UNK Although she appeared more subdued and defeated, Jones knew she was growing more UNK She was rested and could mount a charge. Just the tip of her tail was moving as she UNK and she was UNK lightly up and down with her hind feet. At this moment, Loveless and Means arrived, crashing through the UNK with their horses, and distracted her, and she ran off a short distance and jumped into a UNK between two UNK The dogs followed her and she killed three and badly wounded Old John. "We've got to get her out of UNK Jones UNK "or UNK kill 'em all. UNK me the UNK For such an emergency he had included UNK cannon UNK as part of their equipment. UNK one he pitched it into the UNK and the UNK left off UNK the dogs and UNK UNK she a beauty, UNK called out Means as she ran. "Don't you go a step nearer her than I UNK Jones UNK "and if you do, go at a run so you'll have UNK For two hours they drove her from one strong point to another along the side of the Reef, trying to maneuver her onto the plain where they could get a good throw. But she clung to the rocks and brush, and the day wore away. It was UNK The dogs were UNK The men were tired too. It was the story of the UNK fight all over again. And the sun was beginning to go down. If dark came they would lose her. "I'll get a UNK Jones said finally, "and I'll UNK a noose over her UNK At this moment she was crouched in a UNK aperture halfway down the Reef. Ulyate made no comment but his face showed what he thought of UNK UNK over UNK heads with poles, and of course these were the UNK of fifty years ago, not the UNK ones of today, and this one was angry, with good reason. UNK too, UNK "It won't work, UNK "Just the same we'll try it". But without waiting for them to try it, she scattered the dogs and shot down the Reef and out across the UNK John led the chase after her and the other dogs UNK out behind, many of them trailing blood. John himself was UNK and UNK from head to tail, but he was in this fight to the UNK running almost as strongly now as in the morning. She took refuge on a tongue of land extending into a UNK crouched at the base of a thorn tree, and waited for them to come up. She had chosen the spot well. With the UNK on three sides, she could be approached only along the tongue of land. UNK now", Jones UNK Means tried her first. Very slowly he UNK his UNK bay UNK edging UNK watching for a chance to UNK but ready to spin and run, rope UNK about his head, horse edging UNK under him, but the UNK was UNK and responded and was not UNK by the close proximity of the UNK They tell you horses go crazy at the sight or smell of a bear or a lion, but these didn't. Means edged UNK She snarled UNK Means spit and edged on. Again she UNK and again he UNK The UNK was UNK to her. With a whirling UNK it could get into gear **h. However nothing on four legs was supposed to be faster than a lion over a short distance, unless it was a UNK She UNK Means spun and UNK For thirty yards she gained rapidly. She was closing and within one more bound would have been able to reach the rear end of the bay, UNK and here Jones and Loveless and Ulyate were holding breath for all they were UNK she never quite caught up that last UNK Means held steady one jump ahead of her. Then gradually he began to pull away. A Western UNK had outrun an African lion, from a standing start. Photos showed later that she'd been about six feet from Means **h. Of course the factor of head start made all the difference. How much head UNK No one knew UNK That was the whole question. UNK was the answer. The UNK quickly changed front, when she saw she couldn't catch UNK and made for Jones. As she had done with UNK she gained rapidly at first, but then UNK began to draw away. Somewhere in the few scant yards of head start was the determining point. When Jones too drew away, she returned to a thorn bush in the neck of land running into the UNK crouched low and waited as before. This new position, however, gave the UNK a better chance. There was room to make a quick dash past the bush and throw as you UNK UNK Means edged around on the north side of her, Jones moved in from the UNK UNK his rope and shouting he attracted her attention. He succeeded almost too well, because once she rose as if to charge, and he half wheeled his UNK he was within fifty feet- but she sank back. From behind her Means shot forward at a run. Kearton began shouting, UNK UNK the UNK UNK But Means kept on. He raced by within twenty feet of her, UNK her around the neck, but a UNK neck is short and thick and with a quick twist she slipped the noose off. The missionary obligation to proclaim the gospel to all the world was once left to zealous individuals and voluntary societies. But the time came when a church that had no part in the missionary movement was looked upon as deficient in its essential life. The Christian education of children, too, was once hardly more than a UNK but the day came when a congregation that did not assume full UNK of a church school was thought of as failing in its UNK The most serious weakness of the ecumenical movement today is that it is generally regarded as the responsibility of a few national leaders in each denomination and a few UNK UNK Most pastors and UNK even though they believe it to be important, assume that the ecumenical movement lies outside the province of their UNK They may even dismiss it from their minds as something that concerns only the UNK UNK UNK as someone has dubbed them, who like to go to national and international assemblies, and have expense accounts that permit them to do so. As long as this point of view prevails, the ecumenical movement will be UNK and UNK The next stage ahead is that of making it thoroughly at home in the local community. Progress will take place far less through what is done in any UNK UNK of the National Council or the World Council, or even in offices of the denominational UNK than through what happens in the communities where Christian people live together as neighbors. The front line of advance is where witnessing and worshiping congregations of different traditions exist side by side. Until they see the ecumenical movement in terms of the difference it makes in their own attitudes, programs, and relationships, it will have an inevitable aspect of UNK As things now stand, there is a UNK UNK between the unity in Christ which we profess in ecumenical meetings and the UNK UNK of most congregations on any Main Street in the nation. #THE UNK UNK The UNK of ecumenical advance is an even more personalized matter than the relation between congregations in the same community. The decisive question is what happens UNK each congregation and, finally, in the minds and hearts of the individual members. It is here that the local and ecumenical must meet. It is here that the ecumenical must become local and the local become UNK It has become almost UNK to say that the ecumenical movement must be UNK down to the grass UNK This way of describing the matter is UNK It implies two UNK One is that whatever is ecumenical has to do with some over-all organization at "the UNK and needs only to be understood at the so-called UNK UNK The truth, however, is that the ecumenical church <is> just the local church in its own true character as an integral unit of the whole People of God throughout the world. The other misconception is that our ecumenical problems will be solved if only the knowledge of the church in its world-wide extension and its UNK UNK now UNK by many national leaders, can be UNK to all UNK However needed this may be, the fundamental problem is not information but active commitment to the total mission of the church of Christ in the world. The basic unit in the church, of whatever denominational UNK is always the congregation. It is hardly possible to emphasize this too much. Most people do not realize that the congregation, as a gathered fellowship meeting regularly face to face, personally sharing in a common experience and expressing that experience in daily relationships with one another, is unique. The idea that it is a feature of all religions is entirely mistaken. The Jewish synagogue affords a parallel to the Christian congregation, but UNK Buddhism, UNK UNK UNK UNK although they have sacred UNK priests, spiritual UNK and places of prayer, do not have a congregation as a local household of faith and love. Their characteristic experience is that of the individual at an altar or a shrine rather than that of a continuing social group with a distinctive kind of fellowship. How far the fellowship in most local churches falls below what the New Testament means by UNK What is now called Christian fellowship is often little more than the social UNK of having a gracious time with the kind of people one UNK The UNK of UNK and of the UNK means sharing in a common relation to Christ. It is an experience of a new depth of community derived from an awareness of the corporate UNK of Christ in His people. As Dietrich UNK puts it, "Our community with one another consists solely in what Christ has done to both of us". This may mean having fellowship in the church with people with whom, on the level of merely human UNK we might prefer not to have any association at all. There is a vast difference between the community of UNK which the New Testament describes and the community of UNK found in the average church building. Whenever a congregation really sees itself as a unit in the universal Church, in vital relation with the whole Body of Christ and participating in His mission to the world, a necessary UNK of the ecumenical movement has been UNK The antithesis of the ecumenical and the local then no longer exists. The local and the ecumenical are one. Of course, the perspective of those who are dealing directly with the world-wide problems of the People of God will always be different from the perspective of those who are dealing with the nearby problems of particular persons in a particular place. Each viewpoint is valid if it is UNK related to the other. Neither is adequate if it stands alone. Our difficulty arises when either viewpoint UNK out the other. And this is what all too often happens. UNK UNK A little UNK illustrative of this truth is afforded by an incident related by Professor UNK UNK at the end of the Second World War. With great difficulty he made his way from his native UNK to Geneva to renew his contacts as a member of the UNK Committee for the World Council of UNK When he had the mishap of breaking his UNK his ecumenical colleagues insisted on providing him with new ones. They were UNK He often spoke of them as his UNK glasses and used them as a symbol of the kind of vision that is required in the church. It is, he said, a UNK vision, which can see both the UNK and the distant and keep a Christian in right relation to both. As things stand now, the local and the ecumenical tend to compete with each other. On the one hand, there are UNK who are so stirred by the crises of the church in its encounter with the world at large that they have no eyes for what the church is doing in their own town. They do not escape the pitfall into which Charles Dickens pictured Mrs& UNK as falling. Her concern for the natives of UNK was so intense that she quite forgot and neglected her son UNK Likewise, the UNK may become so absorbed in the conflict of the church with the totalitarian state in East Germany, the precarious situation of the church in revolutionary China, and the anguish of the church over UNK in South Africa that he loses close contact with the parish church in its UNK but indispensable ministry of worship, pastoral service and counseling, and Christian nurture for a UNK group of individuals. On the other hand, many a pastor is so absorbed in ministering to the UNK personal needs of individuals in his congregation that he does little or nothing to lead them into a sense of social responsibility and world mission. As a result, they go on thinking of the church, with UNK and UNK satisfaction, only in connection with the way in which it serves them and their families. It would hardly be an exaggeration to say that ninety per cent of the energy of most UNK whether in terms of finance or spiritual UNK is poured into the private and domestic interests of the members. The parish lives for itself rather than for the community or the world. The gap between the ecumenical perspective and the parish perspective appears most UNK in a church in any of our comfortable suburbs. It is eminently successful according to all conventional standards. It is growing in numbers. Its people are agreeable friends. It has a beautiful UNK Its preaching and its music give UNK of spirit to men and women living under heavy strain. It provides pastoral care for the sick and UNK It helps children grow up with at least a nodding acquaintance with the Bible. It draws young people into the circle of those who continue the life of the church from generation to generation. And it is easy for the ecumenical UNK to lose sight of how basic all this is. But what is this church doing to help its members understand their roles as Christians in the world? All too often its conception of parish ministry and pastoral care includes no responsibility for them in their relation to issues of the most desperate urgency for the life of mankind. It is not stirring them to confront the racial tensions of today with the mind of Christ. It is not helping them face the moral crisis involved in the use of nuclear energy. It is not making them sensitive to the UNK level of much of our economic and industrial life. It is raising no disturbing question as to what Christian UNK means for the relationship of the richest nation in the world to economically underdeveloped peoples. It is not developing an awareness of the new kind of missionary strategy that is called for as young churches emerge in Asia and Africa. To put it UNK many a local church is giving its members only what they consciously want. It is not disturbing them by thoughts of their Christian responsibility in relation to the world. We shall not make a decisive advance in the ecumenical movement until such a church begins to see itself not merely as a haven of comfort and peace but as a base of Christian witness and mission to the world. There is a humorous but revealing story about a rancher who owned a large slice of Texas and who wanted to have on it everything that was necessary for a completely pleasant community. He built a school and a library, then a recreation center and an UNK UNK to fill the only remaining UNK he selected the best site on the ranch for a chapel and spared no expense in erecting it. A visitor to the beautiful little building inquired, "Do you belong to this church, Mr& UNK "Why, no, UNK he replied, UNK church belongs to me"! The story reflects the way too many people UNK As long as the congregation regards the church as UNK church, or the minister thinks of it as UNK church, just so long the ecumenical movement will make no significant advance. There must first be a deeper sense that the church belongs not to us but to Christ, and that it is His purpose, not our own interests and UNK that determines what it is to be and do. UNK UNK OF THE UNK A local church which UNK its function to be entirely that of ministering to the conscious desires and concerns of its members tends to look on everything ecumenical as an UNK not as a normal aspect of its own life as a church. It would doubtless be greatly surprised to be told that in failing to be ecumenical it is really failing to be the Church of Christ. Yet the truth, according to the New Testament, is that every local church has its existence only by being the embodiment of the whole church in that particular place. Yet a crowd came out to see some fresh kids from the city try to match the boys from the neighboring UNK and UNK and wagons and UNK UNK kept gathering all morning, until the edges of the field were packed thick and small boys kept UNK out on the playing field to make fun of the UNK whose pitcher was a formidable looking young man with the only baseball UNK This was a bitterly fought game, carrying almost as much UNK as a fist fight, with no friendliness exhibited between the teams except the formal politeness that accompanied the setting forth of ground rules and agreements on balls that went into the crowd. Every pitch in the game brought forth a UNK from the UNK audience and every fly ball the visitors dropped (and because their right UNK was still a little fuzzy from drink, they dropped UNK called forth UNK of UNK At one point in the game when the UNK old man in UNK who was acting as UNK got in the way of a thrown ball and took it painfully in the UNK he lay there UNK while players and spectators UNK over whether the ball was UNK or the base runners were free to score. This was typical of such games, which were earnestly played to win and practically never wound up in an expression of good fellowship. When the visitors, after losing this game, rode along the village streets toward home, the youngsters who could keep abreast of them for a moment or two screamed UNK "You bunch of UNK UNK back UNK You UNK Baseball was surely the national game in those days, even though professional baseball may have been merely a business. Radio broadcasts had not begun and most devotees of baseball attended the games near home, in the town park or a UNK with perhaps two or three trips to the city each season to see the UNK or the Pirates or the Indians or the Red Sox. Young men in school could look forward to playing ball for money in a dozen different places, even if they failed to make the major UNK Nearly any lad with a UNK of skill might find a UNK awaiting him in the Three ~I League, or the Pony League, or the UNK Plains League, or the fast Eastern League, if not indeed in one of the hundreds of city leagues that UNK everywhere. Even a city of thirty thousand might have six baseball UNK sponsored by UNK and hardware merchants or department stores, that played two or three times a week throughout the summer, usually in the cool of the evening, before an earnest and partisan audience who did not UNK a quarter each, or even more, to be dropped into a hat when the game was half over. Babe Ruth, of course, was everyone's hero, and everyone knew him, even though relatively few ever saw him play ball. His face was always in the newspapers, sometimes in cartoons that seemed nearly as large as life. As the UNK grew older, and as radio broadcasts of baseball games began to involve more and more people daily in the doings of the professionals, the great hitters UNK led by Babe UNK UNK the game so that pitchers were nearly of no account. Boys no longer bothered learning to bunt and even school kids UNK to UNK up" on a bat as Willie UNK and the famous hitters of another day had done. Other hitters bloomed with more or less vigor in the news and a few even dared to dream of matching Ruth, who was still called UNK by all his friends, or Leo or UNK by those who dared to UNK him UNK was the name of the ball player he liked the UNK and who called most of the world UNK Lou Gehrig was given the nickname UNK and he ran Ruth a close race in home runs. But the nickname never stuck and Gehrig was no match for Ruth in UNK which is sometimes a polite word for delinquent behavior on and off the field. Ruth was a delinquent boy still, but he was in every way a great ball player who was out to win the game and occasionally UNK a cracked bone to do it. A few professional baseball players cultivated UNK with the encouragement of the press, so that they might see their names in big black UNK along with UNK UNK Al UNK Earl UNK and the Prince of UNK One who, for a time, succeeded best and was still the UNK of all was Charles Arthur UNK who called himself, in the newspapers, Art the UNK or The Great UNK It was his UNK that he could beat everybody at anything, but especially at UNK and he once took on the manager of his club and worked him over thoroughly with his fists. he was given to public UNK and to acting the UNK on the UNK and a policeman asserted he had found a pair of brass knuckles in UNK pocket once when he had occasion to collar the Great First UNK for some forgotten reason. (This made a sportswriter named UNK wonder in print if Art had worn this UNK when he defeated his UNK The sorry fact about this young man, who was barely of age when he broke into major-league baseball, was that he really was a better ball player than he was given credit for UNK never so good as he UNK and always an UNK to his associates, but a good steady UNK when he could fight down the temptation to UNK on his skills or cut up in public. In his minor way Charles Arthur UNK was perhaps more typical of his era than Ruth was, for he was but one of many young men who laid waste their talents in these Scott Fitzgerald days for the sake of earning space in the newspapers. There were others who climbed UNK and refused to come down; or who UNK strange objects, like live UNK or who undertook to set records for remaining erect on a dance floor, with or without a UNK or who UNK to down full bottles of UNK gin without UNK for breath. One young man, UNK to the point of UNK by liquor and the excitement of the moment, performed a perfect UNK dive out of the stands at the Yale UNK during the UNK football game, landed squarely on his head on the concrete ramp below, and died at once. But the UNK were not all UNK and a striving after recognition. The business of baseball began to prosper along with other UNK and UNK thanks partly to George Herman Ruth's spectacular efforts each season to run his salary higher and higher- UNK too. While fifty years before, Albert UNK UNK secretary of the Chicago Ball Club of the National League, could write earnestly to the manager of the Buffalo club and request a guarantee of one hundred dollars for a baseball game in August, in this Golden UNK a game at the Yankee Stadium might bring in nearly a hundred thousand dollars at the gate. And while less than ten years earlier the wayward Black UNK all of them top performers in their UNK had UNK for UNK Charles UNK at salaries ranging from twenty-five hundred dollars to forty-five hundred dollars a year, stars now were asking ten thousand dollars, twenty thousand dollars, yes, even fifty thousand dollars a season. The greatest team of this period was unquestionably the New York Yankees, bought by UNK millions and made into a ball club by men named Ed UNK and Miller UNK Boston fans sometimes liked to UNK some wry satisfaction out of the fact that most of the great UNK crew were graduates of the Red UNK sold to UNK UNK and UNK by a man who could not deny them their most UNK desire. Ruth himself, still UNK his farm in Massachusetts and an interest in the Massachusetts UNK business that printed his round UNK face on the UNK had led the parade down from UNK Park, followed by pitchers Carl Mays, UNK UNK Bush, UNK UNK UNK UNK and Sam Jones, UNK UNK UNK third baseman Joe UNK (who completed the UNK UNK of Ruth, UNK and UNK and shortstop Everett UNK By UNK when the mighty Yanks were at their UNK only a few of these were left but they still UNK UNK even beside able and UNK rookies like Tony UNK (who managed never to have one of his UNK fits on the UNK Mark UNK Lou UNK George UNK and UNK Earl UNK The deeds of this team, through two seasons and in the two World's Series that followed, have been written and talked about until hardly a word is left to be said. But there is one small episode that a few New York fans who happened to sit in the cheap seats for one World's Series game in UNK like best to UNK Babe Ruth, as he always did in the Stadium, played right field to avoid having the sun in his eyes, and Tommy UNK a rather mediocre UNK who played shortstop for the St& Louis UNK knocked a ball with all his might into the sharp angle formed by the permanent stands and the wooden bleachers, where Ruth could not reach it. The ball lay there, shining white on the grass in view of nearly every fan in the park while Ruth, UNK with frustration, charged about the small patch of ground screaming, "Where's the UNK UNK But, as he snarled UNK when the inning was over, "not a UNK in the place would tell me", so little Tommy ran all the way home. The ordinary man and woman, however, saw little of the great professional games of those Golden UNK or of any other sporting event for that matter. UNK always hastened to place their choice tickets in the hands of the wealthy UNK and only the man who knew the man who knew the fellow who had an in with the guy at the box office ever came up with a good seat for a contest of any importance. Radio UNK however- now that even plain people could afford UNK UNK on their UNK held old fans to the major-league races and attracted new ones, chiefly women, who through what the philosopher called the UNK UNK of UNK became first UNK then UNK then addicted to the long afternoon UNK of the doings in some distant baseball park. In some cities games were broadcast throughout the week and then on weekends the UNK was UNK and fans must needs drive to the city from all the broadcast area to discover how their heroes were UNK This had a pleasant effect upon the Sunday gate receipts as well as upon the intake of the rail and bus companies, some of which began to offer special UNK rates, including seats at the UNK just as the trolley and UNK companies had when baseball was new. While women had always attended ball games in small numbers (it was the part of a UNK game UNK in the early years of the twentieth century to be taken out to the ball park and to UNK UNK root for the home UNK they had often sat in patient UNK unable even to read the UNK which sometimes seemed to indicate that one team led another by a score of three hundred and eighty to one hundred and UNK The questions women asked at baseball games were standard UNK for amateur comedy, as were the doings of women automobile UNK for every grown man (except a few who were always suspected of being shy on UNK knew at least the fundamentals of baseball, just as every male American in this era liked to imagine (or UNK that he could fight with his fists. And women were not expected to know that the pitcher was trying <not> to let the UNK hit the ball. UNK however, so increased the interest of women in the game that it was hardly necessary even to have UNK UNK any longer to enable men to get to the ball park without interference at home. Women actually began to appear unaccompanied in the stands, where they still occasionally ran the risk of coming home with a UNK stain on a clean skirt or a new curse word tingling their ears. The radio broadcasts themselves were often so patiently UNK despite the baseball UNK that girls and women could begin to store up in their minds the same sort of random and meaningless statistics that small boys had long learned better than they ever did their lessons in school. This conclusion is dependent on the assumption that traditional sex mores will continue to sanction both premarital UNK as the UNK and the double standard holding females primarily responsible for preserving the ideal. Our discussion of this involves using UNK Erikson's UNK of UNK UNK identity UNK as a conceptual tool in UNK a few common UNK onto the diverse personality and family UNK of the unwed mothers from whose case histories we quoted earlier. Our discussion does not utilize all the identity crises postulated by UNK but is intended to demonstrate the utility of his theoretical UNK for studying unwed mothers. We hope thereby to emphasize that, from a psychological standpoint, the UNK prevention of UNK is a continuous long-term process involving the UNK of the female from infancy through adolescence. UNK a series of developmental stages that begin in the individual's infancy and end in his old age, Erikson has indicated that the adolescent is faced with a series of identity UNK The successful and positive resolution of these crises during adolescence involves an UNK UNK during adolescence, the individual's positive resolutions in each area of identity crisis UNK to a considerable degree, on his already having resolved preliminary and preparatory identity crises during his UNK childhood, and early adolescence. Within Erikson's UNK the adolescent's delinquent behavior- in this case, her unwed UNK reflects her UNK UNK or her inability to resolve these various identity crises UNK <The adolescent experiences identity crises in terms of time perspective vs& time UNK Time UNK the ability to plan for the future and to postpone gratifying immediate wants in order to achieve long-range UNK is more easily developed if, from infancy on, the individual has been able to rely on and trust people and the world in which she lives. Erikson has noted that, unless this trust developed early, the time ambivalence UNK in varying degree and UNK by all adolescents (as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood, while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by UNK may develop into a more permanent sense of time UNK Experience of this time diffusion ranges from a sense of utter apathy to a feeling of desperate urgency to act immediately. These polar extremes in time diffusion were indicated in some of the comments by unwed mothers reported in earlier UNK Some of these mothers, apparently feeling a desperate UNK made, on the spur of the moment, UNK in love and sex, that would have UNK consequences. Others displayed utter apathy and indifference to any decision about the past or the future. For many of these unwed mothers, the data on their family life and early childhood experiences revealed several indications and sources of their basic mistrust of their parents in particular and of the world in general. However, as UNK has noted, the individual's failure to develop preliminary identities during infancy and childhood need not be UNK deterministic with respect to a given area of identity diffusion in his (or UNK adolescence. And, as shown in Chapter UNK some UNK females originally developed such trust only during their adolescence, through the aid of, and their identification with, UNK In the specific case of time diffusion, we must emphasize the significance of the earlier development of mistrust UNK it is combined UNK the inevitable time crisis experienced by most (if not UNK adolescents in our society, and with the failure of the adolescent period to provide opportunities for developing UNK <The adolescent experiences two closely related UNK self-certainty vs& an identity UNK and UNK vs& negative UNK A sense of self-certainty and the freedom to experiment with different roles, or confidence in one's own unique behavior as an alternative to UNK conformity, is more easily developed during adolescence if, during early childhood, the individual was permitted to exercise initiative and encouraged to develop some UNK However, if the child has been constantly UNK during nursery and early school age, by peer UNK UNK with the primacy of group acceptance and group UNK and allowed little initiative in early play and work UNK then in adolescence her normal degree of UNK UNK and preoccupation with whether others find her appearance and behavior UNK will be compounded. Her UNK indifference to and rebellion against suggestions and criticisms by anyone except peer friends during adolescence are the UNK in her adolescence, of her having been UNK in childhood to feel shame, if not guilt, for failing to behave in a manner acceptable to, and judged by, the performance of her UNK and elementary-school peer friends. To be different is to invite shame and UNK and it is better to be UNK and criticized by one's parents, who already consider one different and difficult to understand, than by one's UNK who are also experiencing a similar groping for and denial of adult status. The attitudes of some unwed mothers quoted in Chapter /2,, revealed both considerable preoccupation with being accepted by others and a marked absence of self-certainty. Many appeared to regard their sexual behavior as a UNK means of gaining acceptance from and identification with UNK but very few seemed aware that such acceptance and identification need to be supplemented with more enduring and stable identification of and with one's self. UNK identity crisis confronting the adolescent involves anticipation of achievement vs& UNK The adolescent's capacity to anticipate achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy, initiative, and self-discipline during childhood. The developmental process involves the individual's progressively experiencing a sense of dignity and achievement resulting from having completed UNK having kept UNK and having created something UNK small or UNK even a doll dress of one's own design rather than in the design "it ought to UNK These childhood experiences are sources of the self-certainty that the adolescent needs, for experimenting with many roles, and for the UNK to fail UNK in the process of exploring and discovering her skills and abilities. If she has not had such experiences, the female's normal adolescent degree of indecision will be compounded. She may well be UNK by it when she is confronted with present and future UNK e&g&, whether to prepare primarily for a career or for the role of a UNK whether to stay financially dependent on her parents or help support herself while attending school; whether to pursue a college education or a job after high school; and whether to attend this or that college and to follow this or that course of study. Erikson has noted that, as this indecision UNK it may result in a UNK of UNK This paralysis may be expressed in the female's UNK and never UNK many jobs, UNK and courses of UNK and in the fact that she bases her decisions about work, college, UNK and studies on what others are doing, rather than on her own sense of identity with given UNK UNK UNK and UNK The UNK during her childhood and early adolescence, of experiences in developing the self-discipline to complete tasks within her UNK experiences that would have been subsequent sources of anticipation of UNK and her lack of childhood opportunities to practice autonomy and initiative in play and expression, both tend in her adolescence to deprive her of the freedoms to UNK and to fail occasionally in UNK The comments made by some unwed mothers UNK in Chapter /2,) reflect this paralysis of UNK They attended school and selected courses primarily on the basis of decisions others UNK they accepted a job primarily because it was available, convenient, and paid UNK These things both express and, at the same time, continue contributing to, their identity diffusion in an area that could have become a source of developing dignity and self-certainty. As their identity diffusion increased, they became more susceptible to sporadic diversions in love and sexual affairs. These affairs temporarily relieved the monotony of school or work activities containing no anticipation of achievement and joy of UNK no sense of dignity derived from a job well done. UNK experiences in learning work and self-discipline habits within a context of developing autonomy and initiative have considerable significance for the prevention of UNK The excerpts from case histories presented above confirm this significance, though through different facets of experience. For example, some unwed mothers had had no work experiences, household UNK and responsibilities during childhood and early UNK they subsequently occupied their leisure hours in searching for something exciting and UNK UNK was both. On the other hand, some unwed mothers had had so much work and responsibility imposed on them at an early age, and had thus had so little freedom or opportunity to develop autonomy and initiative, that their work and responsibilities became dull and UNK UNK to be escaped and rebelled against through fun and experimentation with forbidden sexual behavior. <The adolescent also faces the identity crisis that Erikson has termed ideological polarization vs& diffusion of UNK In discussing the ways this crisis is UNK to UNK for the prevention of UNK we shall again superimpose Erikson's concept on our data. UNK have a UNK tendency to UNK ideas and values, to perceive things as UNK black or UNK UNK of meaning are relatively UNK This tendency is, perhaps, most clearly revealed in the literature on religious conversions and experiences of UNK Erikson has postulated that such ideological polarization temporarily UNK their search for something stable and definite in the rapidly changing and UNK UNK between childhood and UNK It provides UNK with an idea, a value, a cause that cuts through, or even UNK the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to UNK and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion. The positive development, during adolescence, of this capacity to think and to feel strongly and with increasing independence, and to identify UNK either with or against given ideas, values, and practices, depends to a considerable degree on both previous and present opportunities for developing autonomy, initiative, and self-certainty. Most adolescents have some ideological diffusion at various developmental stages, as they experience a proliferation of ideas and values. The diffusion is most pronounced and most likely to become fixed, however, in those who have had no or very minimal opportunities to develop the autonomy and initiative that could have been directed into constructive expression and so served as sources of developing self-certainty. A pronounced ideological UNK i&e&, inability to UNK UNK with given ideas and value UNK is reflected in many ways. For example, it is UNK by the adolescent (or UNK whose beliefs and actions represent primarily his rebellion and reaction again the ideas and behavior patterns of others, rather than his inner conviction and choice. It is UNK by the individual Willie UNK whose ideas and behavior patterns are so dependent and relativistic that they always coincide with those of the individual or group present and most important at the moment. In another sense, it is represented in the arguments of the UNK UNK who seek to disprove the validity of all other beliefs and ideas in order to retain confidence in theirs. The case histories provide some interesting illustrations of ideological diffusion, embodied in the unwed mother's inability to UNK UNK with a given value system or behavior pattern, and her subsequent UNK to assume any individual responsibility for her sexual behavior. For example, the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly "what it is they really want from a girl so one can act UNK They were disappointed by the physical and emotional hurt of premarital sexual intercourse. They condemned the movie script writers for implying that sex was UNK and UNK They criticized parents for never having emphasized traditional concepts of right and wrong; and they UNK parents who "never disciplined and were too UNK or who "never explained how easy it was to get UNK In the adult world, there are a number of rather general and diffuse sources of ideological diffusion that further compound the adolescent's search for meaning during this particular identity crisis. For example, some contemporary writing tends to fuse the "good UNK and the UNK UNK to portray the weak people as heroes and weakness as a virtue, and to explain (or even UNK UNK behavior by attributing it to deterministic UNK UNK and social experiences. In the final UNK these would have augmented the bill for both sides. An estimate of one million dollars is probably not UNK Yet the huge amount of money consumed by the Selden litigation, which many regarded as UNK indirectly contributed to constructive changes in legal procedure. The duration and other circumstances of the Selden case made it a flagrant example of the gross abuses of patent infringement actions. The suit, as we have seen, came before the courts when patent UNK UNK and laymen were making mounting demands for reforms in the American patent system. Chief among the defects they singled out were the complicated and UNK procedures in UNK In a long and angry UNK to his opinion, Judge Hough had lent the weight of judicial condemnation to such criticism. "It is a UNK said Hough, "not to let pass this opportunity of protesting against the methods of taking and printing testimony in UNK current in this circuit (and probably UNK UNK if not justified by the rules of the Supreme Court, especially to be found in patent UNK and UNK exemplified in this UNK As long as the bar prefers to UNK evidence by written UNK rather than UNK UNK before an authoritative judicial officer, I fear that the antiquated rules will remain UNK and expensive UNK remain the best known characteristic of UNK UNK that UNK sometimes begin with the UNK of horrible UNK Hough UNK the many abuses encouraged by existing procedures. He cited the UNK dimensions of the Selden case UNK the duplication of testimony and UNK the numerous squabbles over minor matters; the UNK stated at UNK UNK and the frequent and UNK verbal UNK UNK for and UNK from the UNK UNK to the lie UNK The fundamental difficulty of which the Selden case was "a striking (though not UNK UNK concluded Hough, "will remain as long as testimony is taken without any authoritative judicial officer present, and responsible for the maintenance of discipline, and the reception or exclusion of UNK Not least among the members of the patent bar who echoed this powerful indictment were those who had participated in the Selden suit. William A& UNK asserted that if the case had been heard in open court under rules of evidence, the testimony would have been completed in sixty days instead of five years. UNK joined lawyers in the UNK for reform, inevitably centering upon the Selden litigation as a UNK UNK Its UNK deliberations were UNK to those of the British courts of UNK mercilessly UNK by Dickens in UNK UNK Parker, who agreed with much of this criticism, did not conceal his dissatisfaction with procedural UNK But he felt that the Selden case was being UNK UNK In a detailed letter published in the UNK UNK in 1912, he remarked that "loose UNK about the case showed scant understanding of the facts. The suit, although commonly designated as a single action, actually embraced five cases. Parker insisted that the size of the record would have been drastically reduced but for an unavoidable duplication of testimony. In a private communication written in UNK Parker had been more to the point. Noting the complaints of UNK and members of the patent bar, he admitted that some of the UNK "were fairly well UNK but he added that under existing rules the courts could not UNK testimony in a group of suits involving separate UNK of the same UNK The vast industrial interests caught up in the Selden suit, as well as the complex character of the automotive art, encouraged both sides to exploit UNK possible UNK for or against the UNK said Parker. "This very seldom happens in this class or in other cases, and of course all of these matters led to a volume and an expense of the record beyond what ordinarily would UNK Parker listed the UNK he deemed essential for reducing the cost and mass of testimony. The most important of these found him in agreement with UNK plea for reform. Parker called for abolition of the indiscriminate or uncontrolled right of taking UNK before officers of the court who had no authority to limit testimony. The taking of UNK he suggested, should be placed under a special court examiner UNK to compel responsive and relevant answers and to exclude UNK testimony. "I am satisfied that in the Selden case had this power existed and this course UNK UNK it would have shortened the UNK of some of the experts nearly one-half and of some of the other witnesses UNK more than that". In the end UNK UNK UNK which Parker called the "now somewhat famous note on this UNK UNK did not go UNK In UNK the United States Supreme Court adopted a new set of rules of equity which became effective on February 1, 1913. The revised procedure was acclaimed as a UNK reform. Under the new rules, testimony is taken UNK in open court in all cases except those of an extraordinary character. Other UNK methods are designed to prevent UNK limit UNK and reduce the expense of infringement UNK One of the A&L&A&M& lawyers observed that if the Selden case had been tried under this simplified procedure, the testimony which filled more than a score of volumes, "at a minimum cost of $1 a page for publication alone, could have been contained in one volume". While patent suits are still among the most complex and expensive forms of litigation, these rules have saved UNK uncounted sums of money. There is little doubt that they were UNK by the Supreme Court as a direct result of the Selden patent suit. UNK Even before it was formally dissolved in 1912, the A&L&A&M& was succeeded by the Automobile Board of UNK the direct UNK ancestor of the present-day Automobile Manufacturers Association. The trade bodies which came in the wake of the A&L&A&M& were more representative, for they never adopted a policy of exclusion. Nevertheless, it is from the Selden organization that the industry inherited its institutional machinery for UNK the broader interests of the trade. One of the chief features of this community of interest is the automotive patents cross-licensing UNK a UNK in the development of American industrial UNK Its origin lies in the Selden patent controversy and its UNK From the earliest days of the motor car industry, before the A&L&A&M& was established, patent infringement loomed as a serious and UNK problem. Many patent contests were waged over automobile components and UNK among them UNK UNK UNK ball UNK license UNK and electric UNK The UNK and momentum of the young industry abetted a general disregard of patent claims. As early as 1900 a Wall Street combination acquired detail patents with the intention of UNK heavy tribute from automobile manufacturers. This scheme failed, and the following decade brought a deluge of infringement suits among individual manufacturers that reached its crest in UNK In this tangle of conflicting claims, the UNK scheme adopted by the A&L&A&M& at its founding proved to be the best device for avoiding or UNK the burdens of incessant UNK The interchange of shop UNK for a nominal royalty eliminated infringement suits among the members of the A&L&A&M& patent pool (although it did not protect them against outside UNK and kept open channels for the UNK of automotive technology. One of the conditions of the pool was a prohibition upon the withholding of patent rights among A&L&A&M& members. Within its limits, this arrangement had the actual or potential characteristics of a cross-licensing agreement. Its positive features outweighed the fact that the pool was an adjunct of a UNK monopoly. Since the A&L&A&M& UNK embraced only about twenty-five per cent of motor vehicle patents, the denial of rights to independent companies did not retard technical progress in UNK sectors of the industry. The highly important UNK patents on the sliding gear transmission were held by the A&L&A&M& pool. But Henry Ford used the planetary transmission in his Model ~T and earlier cars and, in UNK as a UNK measure, took out a license from the man who claimed to be its UNK For those affiliated with it, the A&L&A&M& pool was a haven from the infringement actions involving detail patents that beset the industry with mounting intensity after 1900. By 1910 the courts were crowded with cases, many of them brought by UNK who UNK in UNK UNK It was commonplace for auto makers, UNK and dealers to find warning notices and threats of infringement suits in their daily mail. UNK from the business man's standpoint and without regard to the UNK UNK commented a trade journal, "the matter of patents in the automobile and UNK trade is developing some phases and results that challenge thought as to how far patents are to become weapons of warfare in business, instead of simple UNK protection devices for encouraging UNK UNK Occasionally new enterprise was discouraged by the almost certain prospect of legal UNK One manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said: "I would readily put over UNK into the manufacture of the device, but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged ordeal of patent litigation which would eat up all our UNK The prevailing view in the industry was summed up in UNK by a group of auto makers who told a Senate UNK "The exceedingly unsatisfactory and UNK expensive conditions, including UNK surrounding legal UNK particularly in patent litigation, are items of industrial burden which must be written large in figures of many millions of dollars of industrial UNK By that time it was commonly agreed that patent warfare was UNK constructive achievement and UNK the free exchange of technical information. At this point Charles C& UNK long an advocate of patent peace in the industry, became chairman of the patents committee of the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce, successor to the Automobile Board of UNK Hanch was treasurer of the UNK + UNK Company, an Indianapolis firm which had manufactured UNK machinery before producing the UNK car in UNK He had UNK knowledge of the patent wars which had driven about ninety per cent of the milling equipment makers out of business in the UNK UNK to avoid a similar UNK in the motor car industry, Hanch went to Detroit in UNK to enlist the support of leading A&L&A&M& members for an UNK UNK plan. The breach created by the Selden patent doomed his proposal, but Hanch did not abandon his scheme. After the demise of the UNK the time was UNK for establishing such a pool. Most manufacturers were now disposed to heed a proposal for the formal interchange of UNK "It is a much easier course to agree to let one another alone so far as ordinary patents are UNK said a trade authority, UNK to continue the costly effort of UNK the tangle in the courts or seeking to reform the patent system, which appears to be getting into deeper confusion every day". With the other members of the patents UNK UNK C& UNK Howard E& UNK UNK T& White, and W& H& UNK Hanch drafted a cross-licensing agreement whose essential feature of UNK licensing was his own UNK The plan was supported by Frederick P& UNK counsel for the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce. It will be recalled that in his UNK for the A&L&A&M& before Judge Hough, Fish had condemned patent litigation as the curse of the American industrial community. He was well aware that some UNK and their allies used their patents solely for UNK value. "My personal view is that not one patented invention in ten is worth UNK he later told a Congressional committee. The eloquent UNK of Fish guaranteed the adoption of the plan by the members of the automotive trade association. UNK up in UNK the cross-licensing agreement became effective in UNK It remained in force for ten years and has been renewed at five-year intervals since UNK A little farther along the road you come to the {Church of Santa UNK called the UNK of the UNK UNK another hundred yards to the {Piazza of the Knights of UNK On the wall of this square there are delightful UNK of musical instruments. The massive UNK of the Maltese UNK affords one of the most extraordinary views in Rome. If you look through the UNK you will see an artistically UNK garden with the white dome of St& Peter's framed in a long avenue of UNK UNK trees. UNK your steps a few yards on the Via di Santa UNK and turn right on the UNK di S& UNK a street lined with UNK homes. UNK UNK and palms in the spacious gardens add much color and beauty to this attractive residential section. Turn left a block or so before the street UNK and then turn right down the Via di Santa UNK to the UNK UNK Here you can pick up a taxi or public transport to return to the center of the city. #THE UNK UNK _TO THE UNK UNK AND UNK These two walks take you through the UNK of UNK You will walk some of the narrow, old streets, UNK in by massive UNK You will visit a few churches that are exceptional yet often UNK a magnificent square, the main shopping district, the Spanish UNK and the lovely UNK UNK By seeing such varied places, both interesting and beautiful, you will become aware of the many different civilizations Rome has lived through, and in particular, get a feel of Renaissance Rome. You will realize why Rome is indeed the Eternal City. Start on the Via d& UNK di UNK at the foot of the UNK UNK The majestic circular tiers of stone of the UNK of UNK give you some idea of the huge UNK that the Emperor Augustus erected in 13 UNK UNK thousand spectators used to crowd it in Roman days. Andrea UNK an Italian architect of the sixteenth century, UNK his designs on its UNK and Ionic columns. UNK past the three superb UNK of UNK by the arches of the theatre. The remains of the UNK of UNK are now in front of you. UNK the steps from the theatre to the Via della UNK di UNK for an even better view of the Columns of UNK Turn to the right along a narrow street to the tiny Piazza UNK then proceed along the Via dei UNK to the Piazza UNK Here is one of the loveliest fountains in Rome, the UNK UNK UNK or UNK of the UNK It's typical of Rome that in the midst of this rather poor area you should find such an artistic work in the center of a little square. UNK here for a few moments and look at this gem of a fountain with its four youths, each holding a UNK and each with a foot resting on the head of a UNK The figures have been executed so skillfully that one senses a great feeling of life and movement. UNK is the {Palazzo UNK one of UNK oldest UNK now the headquarters of the UNK UNK Go inside for a closer look at a Renaissance palace. In the first courtyard there are some fine UNK and UNK and in the second a series of delightful UNK roof gardens above an UNK wall. The {Palazzo UNK still inhabited by the UNK family, UNK the UNK UNK Keep straight ahead on the Via UNK cross the wide Via UNK and you will come to the {Piazza B& UNK where you should look in at the {Church of San UNK UNK UNK to see the UNK on the ceiling. Follow the colorful and busy Via d& UNK for a hundred yards or so. Now turn left at the Via UNK UNK del Monte to the Piazza dei UNK Just a few yards to the right on the Via UNK di UNK will bring you to the {Palazzo UNK built in UNK and now occupied by the UNK of UNK UNK by UNK UNK and UNK are on display UNK UNK Before you enter the UNK note UNK UNK UNK The great architect also designed the fine interior UNK and UNK which UNK the two UNK The large statue on the first floor is believed to be the UNK of UNK at the base of which Julius Caesar was UNK to death (if so, the statue once stood in the UNK UNK (This is shown in the afternoon and on Sunday UNK By UNK the UNK you can see in the courtyard UNK unusual and fascinating trick in perspective. When you stand before the UNK UNK you have the impression that the statue at the end is at a considerable distance, yet it is actually only a few feet away. The sense of perspective has been created by designing the length of the columns so that those at the far end of the UNK are much shorter than those in front. The gardens of the UNK shaded by a huge UNK tree, are most UNK The courtyard is magnificently UNK From the UNK UNK you continue another block along the Via UNK di UNK and UNK de UNK to the imposing {Palazzo UNK begun in UNK and considered by many to be the finest palace of all. Michelangelo was the most distinguished of several noted architects who helped design it. Today it is occupied by the UNK UNK Its lovely UNK ceiling UNK as well as the huge guards room with a tremendously high and beautifully carved wooden ceiling, can be seen Sundays UNK UNK Ask to see the modern UNK of Paris and Rome designed by UNK Directly in front of the palace along the Via d& Baullari you will come to the UNK di UNK the famous site of executions during the UNK days of Renaissance Rome. Today, by contrast it is a lively and colorful fruit, UNK and flower market. UNK on the Via d& Baullari to the Corso UNK UNK then turn right for a couple of hundred yards to the {Church of UNK Andrea della UNK As you approach the church on the Via d& Baullari you are passing within yards of the remains of the UNK Theatre of UNK near which is believed to have been the place where Julius Caesar was UNK The dome of the church is, outside of UNK UNK one of the largest in Rome. Opera lovers will be interested to learn that this church was the scene for the first act of UNK At this point you cross the wide Corso UNK UNK /2,, walk along the Corso del UNK a couple of hundred yards, then turn left on the Via dei UNK to enter the splendid {Piazza UNK one of the truly glorious sights in Rome. Your first impression of this elongated square with its three elegant UNK its two churches that almost face each other, and its UNK buildings, is a sense of UNK UNK particularly welcome after wandering around the narrow and dark streets that you have followed since starting this walk. The site of the UNK piazza is UNK ancient UNK which was probably used for horse and UNK races. For centuries it was the location of historic UNK and UNK sports events. From the seventeenth to the nineteenth century it was a popular practice to flood the piazza in the summer, and the UNK would then ride around the UNK square in their UNK UNK UNK UNK of the UNK in the center of the UNK is built around a Roman obelisk from the UNK of UNK which rests on UNK and UNK with four huge figures, one at each corner, denoting four great rivers from different UNK the UNK the UNK the UNK and the UNK The eyes of the figure of the UNK are covered, perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque UNK of the {Church of UNK UNK in UNK the work of UNK UNK UNK In the Piazza UNK there are many delightful cafes where you can sit, have a drink or lunch, and watch the fountains in the square. The scene before you is indeed theatrical and often appears in movies about Rome. Perhaps a street musician will pass to add that extra touch. Take the Via di S& UNK in UNK next to the church and opposite the center of the square, then turn right after about two hundred yards to reach the beautiful {Church of Santa Maria della UNK Inside you will find the lovely UNK painted by UNK and a chapel designed by UNK The UNK UNK are among UNK UNK most beautiful UNK Now return to the Piazza UNK and leave it on the opposite side by the UNK UNK in a moment cross the Corso del UNK In front of you is the {Palazzo UNK once belonging to the UNK and now the UNK UNK UNK by the side of the UNK and after two blocks along the Via UNK you will come to the {Piazza della UNK You are now facing the UNK the largest and UNK building still standing from the days of ancient Rome. This circular UNK constructed by UNK in B&C& 27, was UNK in its present shape by the Emperor UNK It was dedicated as a church in the seventh century. As you pause in the piazza by the Egyptian obelisk brought from the Temple of UNK you will admire the UNK impressive Corinthian columns. The UNK UNK still in its original form, is truly majestic and an architectural triumph. Its UNK forms a perfect circle whose diameter is equal to the height from the floor to the ceiling. The only means of interior light is the UNK aperture in the stupendous UNK Standing before the tomb of UNK the great genius of the UNK when UNK of sunlight are penetrating this great Roman UNK you are once again reminded of the varied civilizations so characteristic of Rome. As you leave the UNK take the narrow street to the right, the Via del UNK a block to UNK UNK one of the most splendid baroque churches in the city. UNK the way there, about one hundred yards on your right, you pass a simple restaurant, UNK UNK where you can have the best UNK in UNK The curve of faded UNK houses in front of the church seems like a stage set. This is one of the most charming little squares in this part of Rome. One block along the Via de UNK (in front of the UNK will bring you to the UNK UNK in the old UNK of UNK A few yards farther, on the Via dei UNK is the {Piazza UNK The great column from which the square takes its name was erected by the Emperor Marcus UNK You are now at the UNK though narrow, one of UNK UNK streets. Horse races took place here in the Middle Ages. If you have taken this stroll in the morning, and you have the time and UNK walk to the right along the crowded Corso for half a dozen blocks to visit the fine private collection of UNK mainly of the sixteenth and seventeenth UNK in the {Palazzo UNK UNK Sunday, Tuesday, and Thursday, UNK Here is your opportunity to see the inside of a UNK where the family still lives. Otherwise, cross over the Corso and walk a block or so to the left. You will come to UNK a UNK though moderately expensive restaurant, which is particularly noted for its exceptional selection of ice UNK and UNK Either here, or in one of the modest restaurants nearby, is just the place to end this first walk through the heart of Rome. _TO THE UNK UNK The second walk through the heart of Rome should be taken after lunch, so that you will reach the UNK UNK when the soft light of the late afternoon is at its best. UNK indeed, is the Harlem citizen, from the most UNK church member to the most UNK UNK who does not have a long tale to tell of police UNK injustice, or UNK I myself have witnessed and endured it more than once. The businessmen and UNK also have a story. And so do the UNK UNK this is not, perhaps, the place to discuss UNK very complex attitude toward black policemen, nor the reasons, according to Harlem, that they are nearly all UNK It is hard, on the other hand, to blame the UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK for being such a perfect representative of the people he UNK He, too, believes in good intentions and is UNK and UNK when they are not taken for the UNK He has never, himself, done anything for which to be UNK which of us UNK and yet he is UNK daily and UNK people who would UNK see him dead, and he knows it. There is no way for him not to know it: there are few things under heaven more UNK than the silent, accumulating contempt and hatred of a people. He moves through Harlem, therefore, like an occupying soldier in a bitterly hostile country; which is precisely what, and where, he is, and is the reason he walks in UNK and UNK And he is not the only one who knows why he is always in UNK the people who are watching him know why, too. Any street meeting, sacred or secular, which he and his colleagues uneasily cover has as its explicit or implicit burden the cruelty and injustice of the white domination. And these days, of course, in terms increasingly vivid and UNK it speaks of the end of that domination. The white policeman standing on a Harlem street corner finds himself at the very center of the revolution now occurring in the world. He is not prepared for it- naturally, nobody is- and, what is possibly much more to the point, he is UNK as few white people are, to the anguish of the black people around him. Even if he is gifted with the UNK mustard grain of imagination, something must UNK in. He cannot avoid observing that some of the children, in spite of their color, remind him of children he has known and UNK perhaps even of his own children. He knows that he certainly does not want <his> children living this way. He can retreat from his uneasiness in only one UNK into a UNK which very shortly becomes second nature. He becomes more UNK the population becomes more UNK the situation grows more tense, and the police force is increased. One day, to everyone's UNK someone drops a match in the powder UNK and everything blows up. Before the dust has settled or the blood UNK UNK speeches, and UNK commissions are loud in the land, demanding to know what happened. What happened is that Negroes want to be treated like men. UNK want to be treated like UNK a perfectly straightforward statement, containing only seven words. People who have mastered UNK UNK Shakespeare, Marx, Freud, and the Bible find this statement utterly UNK The idea seems to threaten UNK barely conscious assumptions. A kind of panic UNK their features, as though they found themselves trapped on the edge of a steep place. I once tried to describe to a very well-known American intellectual the conditions among Negroes in the South. My recital disturbed him and made him UNK and he asked me in perfect innocence, "Why don't all the Negroes in the South move UNK I tried to explain what UNK happened, UNK whenever a significant body of Negroes move North. They do not escape Jim UNK they merely encounter another, UNK UNK They do not move to Chicago, they move to the South UNK they do not move to New York, they move to UNK The pressure within the ghetto causes the ghetto walls to UNK and this expansion is always violent. White people hold the line as long as they can, and in as many ways as they can, from verbal intimidation to physical violence. But inevitably the border which has divided the ghetto from the rest of the world falls into the hands of the UNK The white people fall back bitterly before the black UNK the UNK make a UNK profit by raising the UNK UNK up the rooms, and all but UNK with the UNK and what has once been a neighborhood turns into a UNK This is precisely what happened when the Puerto UNK arrived in their UNK and the bitterness thus caused is, as I write, being fought out all up and down those streets. Northerners indulge in an extremely dangerous luxury. They seem to feel that because they fought on the right side during the Civil War, and won, they have earned the right merely to UNK what is going on in the South, without taking any responsibility for it; and that they can ignore what is happening in Northern cities because what is happening in Little Rock or Birmingham is worse. Well, in the first place, it is not possible for anyone who has not endured both to know which is UNK I know Negroes who prefer the South and white UNK because "At least there, you haven't got to play any guessing UNK The guessing games referred to have driven more than one Negro into the narcotics ward, the UNK or the river. I know another Negro, a man very dear to me, who says, with conviction and with truth, "The spirit of the South is the spirit of America". He was born in the North and did his military training in the South. He did not, as far as I can UNK find the South UNK he found it, if anything, all too familiar. In the second place, though, even if Birmingham <is> worse, no doubt UNK South Africa, beats it by several miles, and UNK was one of the worst things that ever happened in the entire history of the world. The world has never lacked for UNK UNK but I do not believe that these examples are meant to be used as justification for our own UNK This perpetual justification empties the heart of all human feeling. The UNK our hearts become, the greater will be our UNK UNK the South is not merely an UNK backward region, but a part of this country, and what happens there concerns every one of us. As far as the color problem is concerned, there is but one great difference between the Southern white and the UNK the Southerner remembers, historically and in his own UNK a kind of Eden in which he loved black people and they loved him. Historically, the flaming sword laid across this Eden is the Civil War. Personally, it is the UNK sexual coming of age, when, without any warning, unbreakable UNK are set up between himself and his past. UNK thereafter, is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need. The UNK indescribable UNK affects every Southern mind and is the basis of the Southern UNK None of this is true for the UNK Negroes represent nothing to him personally, UNK perhaps, the dangers of UNK He never sees Negroes. Southerners see them all the time. Northerners never think about them whereas Southerners are never really thinking of anything else. Negroes are, therefore, ignored in the North and are under surveillance in the South, and suffer UNK in both places. Neither the Southerner nor the UNK is able to look on the Negro simply as a man. It seems to be indispensable to the national UNK that the Negro be considered either as a kind of ward (in which case we are told how many Negroes, UNK bought UNK last year and how few, UNK were UNK or as a victim (in which case we are promised that he will never vote in our assemblies or go to school with our UNK They are two sides of the same coin and the South will not UNK UNK UNK until the North changes. The country will not change until it UNK itself and UNK what it really means by freedom. In the meantime, generations keep being born, bitterness is increased by UNK pride, and UNK and the world UNK around us. It is a UNK an UNK law that one cannot deny the humanity of another without diminishing one's UNK in the face of one's victim, one sees UNK UNK through the streets of Harlem and see what we, this nation, have become. #4. UNK UNK UNK UNK TO A UNK FROM UNK THE UNK THAT AMERICAN UNK UNK in the U&N& while Adlai Stevenson was addressing the Assembly shocked and UNK most white Americans. UNK speech, and the spectacular disturbance in the gallery, were both touched off by the death, in Katanga, the day before, of Patrice UNK Stevenson stated, in the course of his address, that the United States was UNK UNK God knows what the African nations, who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the U&N& were UNK they may, for example, have been thinking of the U&S& abstention when the vote on Algerian freedom was before the UNK but I think I have a fairly accurate notion of what the Negroes in the gallery were thinking. I had intended to be there myself. It was my first reaction upon hearing of Lumumba's death. I was curious about the impact of this political UNK on Negroes in Harlem, for Lumumba had- UNK captured the popular imagination there. I was curious to know if Lumumba's death, which is surely among the most sinister of recent events, would elicit from UNK side anything more than the usual, well-meaning UNK And I was curious about the African reaction. However, the chaos on my desk prevented my being in the U&N& gallery. Had I been there, I, too, in the eyes of most Americans, would have been merely a UNK in the hands of the Communists. The climate and the events of the last decade, and the steady pressure of the UNK war, have given Americans yet another means of avoiding UNK and so it has been decided that the UNK were UNK inspired. Nor was it long, naturally, before prominent Negroes rushed forward to assure the republic that the U&N& UNK do not represent the real feeling of the Negro community. UNK then, to what I take to be the prevailing view, these UNK were merely a handful of UNK UNK UNK I find this view UNK It is a view which even a minimal effort at observation would immediately UNK One has only, for example, to walk through Harlem and ask oneself two questions. The first question is: Would UNK like to live here? And the second question is: Why don't those who now live here move out? The answer to both questions is immediately obvious. Unless one takes refuge in the UNK however UNK that Negroes are, somehow, different from white people, I do not see how one can escape the conclusion that the Negro's status in this country is not only a cruel injustice but a grave national UNK Now, I do not doubt that, among the people at the U&N& that day, there were UNK and professional UNK acting out of the most cynical UNK Wherever there is great social UNK these people are, sooner or later, to be found. Their presence is not as frightening as the discontent which creates their opportunity. What I find UNK and really UNK is the American assumption that the Negro is so contented with his lot here that only the cynical agents of a foreign power can UNK him to UNK It is a notion which contains a gratuitous UNK UNK as it does, that Negroes can make no move unless they are UNK Color was delayed until UNK the wide screen until the early fifties. Movement itself was the chief and often the only attraction of the primitive movies of the UNK Each film consisted of fifty feet, which gives a running time of about one minute on the screen. As long as audiences came to see the movement, there seemed little reason to adventure further. UNK exhibitions took place in stores in a general atmosphere like that of the UNK UNK which can still be found in such urban areas as Times Square. Brief UNK of actual events were UNK UNK UNK street UNK The sensational and frightening enjoyed UNK a train UNK straight at the audience, or a great wave threatens to break over the UNK An early UNK production was <The UNK of Mary, Queen of UNK The unfortunate queen mounted the UNK the UNK swung his UNK the head dropped UNK end of film. An early film by a competitor of the UNK of UNK Park simply showed a long kiss performed by two actors of the contemporary stage. In the field of entertainment there is no spur to financial daring so effective as audience UNK and the first decade of the new device was not over before audiences began staying away in large numbers from the UNK UNK shows. In response, the industry allowed the discovery of the motion picture as a form of fiction and thus gave the movies the essential form they have had to this day. Despite the sheer beauty and spectacle of numerous UNK art films, and UNK despite the impressive financial success of such a recent development as UNK the movies are at heart a form of fiction, like the play, the novel, or the short story. Moreover, the most artistically successful of the UNK films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature. Thus such great American UNK as <The UNK and <The UNK That UNK the UNK were composed as visual stories rather than as illustrated UNK The discovery that movies are a form of fiction was made in the early years of this century and it was made chiefly by two men, a French UNK UNK UNK and an American employee of UNK Edwin S& UNK Of the two, Porter is justly the better known, for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward UNK a language of film, toward making the motion picture the UNK efficient time machine that it has remained since, even in the most UNK hands. UNK TIME AND UNK UNK UNK however, out of his professional instincts as a UNK discovered and made use of a number of UNK techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film. One of these is the UNK which makes possible a UNK smooth transition from scene to scene. As the first scene begins to UNK the succeeding scene begins to appear. For a moment or two, both scenes are present simultaneously, one growing UNK one growing stronger. In a series of UNK tales and UNK UNK demonstrated that the film is superbly equipped to tell a straightforward story, with beginning, middle and end, UNK UNK UNK and conclusions. UNK the film improved and it improved because in narrative it found a content based on time to complement its own unbreakable connection with time. UNK a movie is possible because a series of images is projected one at a time at such a speed that the eye UNK the one that has gone before even as it registers the one now UNK UNK the smoothly changing images together, the eye itself UNK them with the illusion of movement. The UNK time of painting and sculpture is highly UNK varying from person to person and even varying for a given person on different UNK So is the time of the novel. The drama in the theater and the concert in the hall both have a fixed time, but the time is fixed by the director and the players, the conductor and the UNK subject, therefore, to much UNK as record collectors well know. The time of the motion picture is fixed UNK The film consists of a series of still, transparent UNK or UNK UNK Each frame comes between the light and the lens and is individually projected on the screen, at the rate, for silent movies, of 16 frames per second, and, for sound films, 24 frames per second. This is the rate of UNK it is also the rate of UNK Time is built into the motion picture, which cannot exist without time. Now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative, which is, at its UNK the story of an action with, usually, a beginning, a UNK and an end- elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence. The UNK picture of the train or the wave coming at the audience is, to be sure, more intense than a still picture of the same subject, but the difference is really one of UNK the UNK element of time is merely used to increase the realism of an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still UNK In narrative, time is essential, as it is in film. Almost everything about the movies that is peculiarly UNK the movies derives from a tension created and maintained between narrative time and film time. This discovery of UNK was vastly more important than his sometimes UNK UNK tricks produced on film. It was UNK however, who produced the very first movie whose name has lived on through the half century of film history that has since UNK The movie was <The Great Train UNK and its effects on the young industry and art were all but UNK UNK for one thing, UNK film multiplied the standard running time of movies by ten. <The Great Train UNK is a UNK film. One UNK from eight to twelve UNK became the standard length from the year of UNK UNK until Griffith shattered that limit forever with UNK of a UNK in UNK The UNK itself became and still is the standard of measure for the movies. The material of the Porter film is simplicity itself; much of it has continued to be used over the years and the heart of it- good guys and bad guys in the old UNK pretty well dominated television toward the end of the UNK A band of robbers enters a railroad station, UNK and ties up the telegraph operator, holds up the train and UNK A posse is formed and UNK the UNK who, having made their UNK are UNK it up with some UNK wild women in a UNK UNK The robbers run from the UNK take cover in a wooded UNK and are shot dead by the UNK As a finale is UNK a UNK of one of the band taking aim and firing his revolver straight at the audience. All this is simple enough, but in telling the story Porter did two important things that had not been done before. Each scene is shot straight through, as had been the universal UNK from a camera fixed in a single position, but in the outdoor UNK especially in the capture and destruction of the UNK UNK camera position UNK UNK with the camera position standard until then, which had been, UNK that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play. The plane of the action in the scene is not parallel with the plane of the film in the camera or on the screen. If the change, at first UNK seems minor, we may recall that it took the Italian painters about two hundred years to make an analogous change, and the Italian painters, by universal UNK were the most brilliant group of UNK any art has seen. In that apparently simple shift Porter opened the way to the sensitive use of the camera as an instrument of art as well as a mechanical recording device. He did more than that. He revealed the potential value of the UNK as the basic technique in the art of the film. UNK of course, takes place automatically in the creation of a film. The meaning of the word is quite physical, to begin with. The physical film is cut with a knife at the end of one complete sequence, and the cut edge is joined UNK by cement, to the cut edge of the beginning of the next UNK If, as a home movie maker, you shoot the inevitable UNK of your child taking its first steps, you have merely recorded an historical event. If, in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends, you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child's grandmother watching this event, you have begun to be an artist in UNK you are employing the basic technique of UNK you are UNK This is what Porter did. As the robbers leave the UNK UNK the film suddenly cuts back to the station, where the UNK little daughter arrives with her father's dinner pail only to find him bound on the floor. She UNK around in UNK The two events are taking place at the same time. Time and space have both become UNK We leap from event to UNK including the formation of the UNK even though the events, in "reality" are taking place not in sequence but simultaneously, and not near each other but at a considerable distance. The UNK as a standard film device probably dates from <The Great Train UNK and there is a reason for the continued popularity of the device. The chase in itself is a UNK it presumes both speed and urgency and it demands UNK both from pursued to UNK and from stage to stage of the journey of both. The simple, naked idea of one man UNK another is of its nature better fitted for the film than it is for any other form of fiction. The cowboy films, the UNK and robbers films, and the UNK comedy films UNK in an insane chase are not only catering to what critics may assume to be a vulgar taste for UNK these films and these sequences are also seeking out- instinctively or by design- the peculiarly UNK elements of narrative. #THE UNK OF THE UNK OF THE UNK UNK There still remained the need for one great film artist to explore the full potential of the new form and to make it an art. The man was UNK UNK When he came to the UNK more or less by UNK they were still cheap entertainment capable of enthralling the UNK for an idle few minutes. In about seven years Griffith either invented or first realized the possibilities of virtually every resource at the disposal of the film UNK Before he was forty Griffith had created the art of the film. Not that there had not been attempts, mostly UNK to do exactly that. But in general the European efforts to make an art of the entertainment had ignored the slowly emerging language of the film itself. UNK condensed versions of famous novels and famous plays were presented. Great actors and UNK the most notable being Sarah UNK were hired to repeat their stage performances before the camera. In all of this extensive and expensive effort, the camera was UNK to the status of recording instrument for art work produced elsewhere by the actor or by the author. The UNK today, for all its high fidelity and UNK sound, is precisely what the early art UNK in the movies wished to make of the camera. Not surprisingly, this approach did not work. The effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names. But no art at all was born of the art effort in the early movies. In general, religious interest seems to exist in all parts of the UNK congregational membership, however, is another thing. A congregation UNK only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous UNK that is, when it can preserve economic integration. Religious faith can be considered a UNK condition of membership in a congregation, since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force, but faith is not a UNK condition for UNK the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the UNK condition. The breakdown of social homogeneity in inner city areas and the spread of inner city UNK account for the decline of central city churches. Central cities reveal two adverse features for the major UNK (1) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social UNK (2) central cities tend to be more heterogeneous in social composition. The central city areas, in other words, exhibit the two characteristics which violate the life principle of congregations of the major UNK they have too few middle-class people; they mix middle-class people with lower-class residents. Central city areas have become progressively poorer locales for the major denominations since the UNK of middle-class people from most central cities. With few exceptions, the major denominations are rapidly losing their hold on the central city. The key to Protestant development, therefore, is economic integration of the nucleus of the congregation. Members of higher and lower social status often cluster around this nucleus, so that Protestant figures on social class give the impression of spread over all social UNK but this is UNK for the core of membership is concentrated in a single social and economic UNK The congregation UNK when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the UNK moreover, residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core UNK in order to UNK they can lose higher- and UNK members from the church without UNK but they need adequate recruits for the core UNK in order to preserve economic integration. The congregation is first and foremost an economic peer UNK it is secondarily a believing and worshiping fellowship. If it were primarily a believing UNK it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks, something which most congregations of the New Protestantism (with a few notable UNK have not been able to do. They survive only when they can recruit social and economic UNK The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the UNK UNK of Protestant religious life; in fact, a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the UNK Roman Catholic UNK We have seen that the UNK spirit is confined to economic UNK consequently, the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant UNK UNK there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant UNK as we shall see in another connection. The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life, where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must UNK therefore, to the principle of economic integration. This fact is evident in the recruitment of new members. UNK AS UNK The rule of economic integration in congregational life can be seen in the missionary outreach of the major denominations. There is much talk in theological circles about the UNK as UNK and the UNK UNK theologians have been stressing the fact that the Church does not exist for its own sake but as a testimony in the world for the healing of the world. A crucial question, therefore, is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan UNK If economic integration really shapes congregational life, then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration. The task of a congregation would be defined, according to economic integration, as the work of UNK individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation. UNK means to choose by joint action in order to fill a UNK it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an UNK In a mobile society, congregational health depends on a constant process of UNK this UNK however, must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the UNK therefore, the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than UNK like elements will have to be UNK Evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches; one study in Pittsburgh, however, has illuminated the situation. In a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches, almost 60 per cent were UNK by initial UNK with friendly UNK If we add to these contacts with friendly members the UNK with an organization of the UNK UNK per cent of the UNK then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly UNK On the surface, this seems a sound approach to Christian UNK members of the congregation show by their friendly attitudes that they care for new people; the new people respond in kind by joining the church. UNK outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan UNK the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations. This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community, picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the UNK the mission of the church is actually a process of informal UNK the lay ministry is a means to recruit UNK people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation. Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic UNK once the pool of recruits UNK the congregation is UNK friendly contacts no longer keep it UNK The transmutation of mission to co-optation is further indicated by the UNK of educational activities, worship, preaching, and publicity in reaching new members. The proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy UNK per cent of new UNK and friendly contacts by members UNK two thirds if organizational activities are UNK UNK accounted for UNK per cent of the initial contacts with new members. In general, friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches, making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood. The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as UNK people of similar social and economic level can UNK together; the outer life of UNK the UNK of the environment to their UNK will be UNK so long as the people in the area are of the same social and economic level as the membership. Economic integration ceases when the social and economic UNK in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation. In a rapidly changing society congregations will run into difficulties UNK since such nice UNK of economic integration are hard to sustain in the metropolis for more than a single generation. The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance. The expense of this type of organization in religious life, when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned, raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society; UNK the prevalence of economic integration in congregations UNK the nature of the Protestant development. It was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two UNK expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings. These trends seem to be working at UNK in the metropolis. Residential associations struggle to UNK themselves against UNK The motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have UNK the UNK between central city and UNK Negro and White, blue collar and white collar can be viewed as symptomatic of this deeper polarization of trends in the metropolis. It now becomes evident that the denominational church is intimately involved with the economy of middle-class culture, for it serves to UNK the social class identity of middle-class residential groupings. The accelerated pace of metropolitan changes has accentuated the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations. This conformity represents a desperate attempt to UNK a hopelessly unstable environment. More than creatures of metropolitan forces, the churches have taken the lead in UNK the interdependence of metropolitan life, UNK and perpetuating the UNK of peoples, giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples. Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life, the UNK forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate, UNK action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis. UNK communities have suffered at the hands of the productive interests. Negroes, Puerto UNK and rural UNK are slowly making their way into the cities. Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class UNK and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century. The identification of the basic unit of religious UNK the parish or UNK with a residential area is UNK in a modern UNK for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to UNK Mission to the metropolis UNK survival of the congregation in the residential community, because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential exclusion. This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches. It could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes. It could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity, since worship UNK some local UNK Whatever projection one UNK the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people. UNK will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches; this style is characteristically an expression of the communal style of the middle classes. The UNK of this style are UNK and emphasis on achievements in gaining UNK These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman, UNK the methods of child UNK determining the pattern of community UNK setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness, and UNK the congregational life of the major denominations. UNK by UNK and UNK by friendly UNK form the iron cage of denominational religion. Its contents are another matter, for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation. What goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the UNK of the organization church. An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to UNK the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which UNK the churches in their suburban UNK The UNK question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need. With capital largely UNK there seemed to them no other course to UNK The directors sold directly to UNK who had to make their profits above the high prices asked by the company. These concessionaires traded where they wished and generally dealt with the Indians through UNK who might be UNK UNK or even soldiers. The concessionaires also had to pay a tax of one-tenth on the goods they traded, and all pelts were to be taken to company stores and shipped to France in company ships. The company disposed of the UNK but with what profit, the records do not show. In accord with its UNK policy, the company failed to furnish presents to hold the loyalty of the principal Indians. The UNK use of presents had been effective in expanding the Indian trade of New France and Louisiana in the previous century, and the change in liberality aroused resentment in the minds of the red men. UNK from the English colonies were far more UNK and Indian loyalty turned to them. UNK from UNK and UNK passed UNK and the UNK policy of the company probably let loose Indian UNK that brought ruin to the company. In UNK the King sent three commissioners to Louisiana with full powers to do all that was necessary to protect the colony. They ordered the raising of troops and obtained 75,000 UNK with which to build UNK They adopted a program by which Louisiana was divided into five districts. In each of these there was to be a strong military post, and a trading UNK to supply the smaller trading houses. For southeastern Louisiana, Mobile was the principal post, and it was to furnish supplies for trade to the north and east, in the region threatened by British traders. Mobile was to be the anchor of a chain of posts extending northward to the sources of the Tennessee River. Fort UNK on the Alabama River, had been erected in UNK for trade with the UNK and UNK but money was available for only one other new post, near the present Nashville, Tennessee, and this was soon UNK West of the Mobile district was the lower Mississippi district, of which New Orleans was headquarters. UNK upon it were posts on the lower Mississippi and the region westward to the frontiers of New UNK On the middle Mississippi a principal post was to be located near the mouth of the UNK It was hoped that to this post would flow a large quantity of UNK from the west, principally down the Arkansas River. On the Ohio or Wabash was to be built another post "at the fork of two great UNK Other posts would be established up the Ohio and Wabash to protect communication with Canada. On the upper Mississippi the Illinois post was to be established near UNK and dependent posts were to be built on the Missouri, UNK there are mines in UNK Each of the five principal posts was to have a director, responsible to a UNK at New Orleans. An elaborate system of accounting and reports was worked out, and the trade was to be managed in the most scientific way. UNK were to be under the supervision of the UNK UNK must be loyal to the UNK and must serve until the term provided in the engagement was ended. The <habitants> were to be encouraged to trade and were to dispose of their pelts to the UNK Only two principal UNK were actually UNK one at UNK the other at New Orleans. New Orleans supplied the goods for the trade on the Mississippi, and west of that river, and on the Ohio and UNK Mobile was also supplied by New Orleans with goods for the Mobile district. The power that Bienville exercised during his first administration cannot be determined. UNK for the Indian trade were made by the UNK UNK de la UNK and Bienville apparently did not have control of that body. The UNK even treated the serious matter of British aggression as its business and, on its own authority, sent to UNK savages merchandise UNK for the UNK UNK It decided, also, that the purely secular efforts of Bienville were UNK and sent missionaries to win the savages from the UNK UNK During the first administration of UNK the UNK trade of the Mobile district was a UNK source of revenue. The UNK brought in annually UNK to 20,000 UNK and the UNK and Chickasaws brought the total up to UNK pelts. These UNK were the raw material for the manufacture of UNK and were the only articles which the tribes of this district had to exchange for European goods. During his first administration, Bienville succeeded in keeping Carolina traders out of the Alabama country and the UNK country. The director of the post at Mobile kept an adequate amount of French goods, of a kind to which they were UNK to supply the Indian needs. The Alabama and UNK rivers furnished a highway by which goods could be moved quickly and UNK De la UNK commander of the Alabama post, had the friendship of the UNK and was able to make them look upon the British as poor competitors. UNK UNK the most prominent trader in the district, was energetic and UNK but his methods often aroused the UNK of the French UNK He UNK after a time, commander of a post on the Alabama River, but his operations extended from Mobile throughout the district, and he finally obtained a monopoly of the Indian trade. The Chickasaws were the principal source of trouble in the Mobile district. Their territory lay to the north, near the sources of the Alabama, the UNK the Tennessee, and UNK rivers, and was easily accessible to traders among the near-by UNK In UNK some Chickasaws UNK the French traders among them, and did not make peace for four years. UNK traders, however, continued to come to them from UNK and to obtain a considerable number of pelts for the French markets. British traders from South Carolina incited the Indians against the French, and there developed French and British UNK in the UNK The Chickasaws finally were the occasion for the most disastrous wars during the French control of Louisiana. To hold them was an essential part of French policy, for they controlled the upper UNK of the routes from the north to UNK They threatened constantly to give the British a hold on this region, from UNK they could move easily down the rivers to the French settlements near the UNK Bienville realized that if the French were to hold the southeastern tribes against the UNK of British goods, French traders must be able to offer a supply as abundant as the UNK and at reasonable prices. His UNK brought some results. The Company of the Indies promised to send over a supply of Indian trading goods, and to price them more UNK in terms of UNK But it coupled with this a requirement that Indians must bring their pelts to Mobile and thus save all costs of transportation into and out of the Indian country. The insistence of Bienville upon giving liberal prices to the Indians, in order to drive back the Carolina traders, was probably a factor that led to his recall in UNK For two years his friend and UNK UNK remained as acting governor and could do little to stem the Anglican advance. Although he incited a few friendly Indians to pillage the UNK and even kill some of them, the Carolina advance continued. The company was impressed with some ideas of the danger from Carolina, and when Perier came over as governor in UNK he was given special instructions regarding the trade of the Mobile district. But the Company of the Indies, holding to its program of economy, made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices. To the directors the problem appeared a matter of intrigue or diplomacy. Perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the Indians. These agents were to ascertain the difference between English and French goods, and the prices charged the Indians. They were to UNK the unfriendly UNK and, wherever possible, to UNK the natives to pillage the traders from UNK They were to promise fine presents to the loyal red men, as well as an abundant supply of trading goods at better prices than the opposition was UNK UNK intrigues gained some successes. The savages divided into two UNK one was British and the other, French. So hostile did these factions become that, among the UNK civil war broke out. UNK efforts, however, were on the whole UNK in winning back the tribes of the Mobile district, and he decided to send troops into the troubled country. He asked the government for two hundred soldiers, who were to be specifically assigned to arrest English traders and UNK Indians. In spite of the company's UNK he planned to build new posts in the territory. He asked also for more supplies to trade at a low price for the UNK pelts. No help came from the UNK and UNK in UNK gave a monopoly of the Indian trade in the district to UNK UNK went vigorously to work, and gave credit to many UNK But they brought back few pelts to pay their UNK and soon French trade in the region was at an end. Perier finally, in one last bid in UNK cut the price of goods to an advance of 40 per cent above the cost in France. The Indians were not impressed and held to the Carolina traders, who swarmed over the country, almost to the Mississippi. With the loss of the Mobile trade, which ended all profits from Louisiana, the UNK Indians UNK They destroyed a trading house and UNK the goods, and harassed French shipping on the Mississippi. The war to UNK them taxed the resources of the colony and piled up enormous debts. In January, UNK the company asked the crown to relieve it of the government of the colony. It stated that it had lost UNK UNK in its operations, and apparently blamed its poor success largely on the Indian trade. It offered to surrender its right to exclusive trade, but asked an UNK The King accepted the surrender and fixed the compensation of the company at UNK UNK UNK the commerce of Louisiana was free to all UNK Company rule in Louisiana left the colony without UNK arms, UNK or supplies. The difficulties of trade had ruined many UNK and numbers of them had gone to live with the natives and rear UNK families. Others left the country, and there was no one familiar with the Indian trade. If this trade should be UNK the <habitants> who had come to be farmers or UNK and soldiers discharged from the army, must be hardened to the severe life of UNK de UNK This was a slow and difficult course, and French trade suffered from the many mistakes of the new group of traders. These men were without capital or experience. Perier and UNK the UNK wished either to UNK the trade to an association of merchants or to have the crown furnish goods on credit to individuals who would repay their debts with pelts. UNK who returned to succeed Perier in UNK objected that the merchants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits. He reported, too, that among the <habitants> there were none of UNK and ability sufficient to justify UNK them with the King's goods. He did find some to UNK however, and he employed the King's soldiers to trade. With no company to UNK he kept close control over all the traders. In order to compete with English traders, Bienville radically changed the price schedule. The King should expect no profit, and an advance of only 20 per cent above the cost in France, which would cover the expense of transportation and UNK was all he charged the traders. They would not be pleased to have it published back home that they planned a UNK in Paris or Hong Kong at the UNK expense. They would be particularly displeased with the State Department if it were the source of such reports. Few things are more perilous for the State Department than a displeased UNK The reason for this bears explaining for those who may wonder why State spends so much of its diplomatic energy on Congress when the Russians are so available. First, the State Department is unique among government agencies for its lack of public UNK The farmers may be aroused if Congress cuts into the Agriculture Department's budget. UNK will rise if Congress attacks the Commerce Department. Labor UNK undue brutality toward the Labor UNK the Chamber of Commerce, assaults upon the Treasury. A UNK of pressure groups make it unpleasant for the congressman who becomes ugly toward the Department of Health, Education, and UNK The UNK patriotism is always involved when he turns upon the Defense Department. UNK with the Post Office may UNK every UNK who can write. With all these agencies, the congressman must constantly check the political wind and trim his UNK accordingly. No such political restraint UNK his blood when he UNK upon the State Department in anger. In many sections he may even reap applause from press and public for giving it a good lesson. After all, the money UNK by State goes not to the UNK the laborer, or the UNK but to UNK Not only do these foreigners not vote for American UNK they are also probably UNK for UNK UNK UNK And are not the State Department men who dispense this UNK merely UNK and UNK who have never met a UNK Will not the UNK congressman be UNK at the polls if he reminds them to get right with America and if he saves the taxpayer some money by UNK a few of their UNK The chances are excellent that he will. The result is that the State Department's perpetual position before Congress is the resigned pose of the whipping boy who expects to be kicked whenever the master has had a UNK UNK with his wife. People in this position do not offend the master by relating his UNK to the newspapers. State keeps the UNK list a secret. The Department expects and receives no thanks from Congress for its discretion. Congress is a harsh master. State is expected to arrange the touring UNK foreign UNK its embassies are expected to supply him with UNK of local money to pay his UNK embassy workers are expected to entertain him according to his UNK frequently with their savings for the children's college UNK But come the next session of Congress, State can expect only that its summer guest will bite its hand when it goes to the Capitol asking money for diplomatic entertaining expenses abroad or for living expenses for its UNK The congressman who, in Paris, may have stuffed his wallet with enough UNK notes to paper the roof of UNK will systematically scream that a $200 increase in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is tantamount to UNK of the Treasury. In the matter of money State's most UNK UNK during the Eisenhower years was Representative John J& UNK of Brooklyn, who controlled the purse for diplomatic administrative UNK UNK stayed up nights thinking of ways to attain peaceful coexistence, not with Nikita Khrushchev, but with John UNK Nothing worked. In the most confidential UNK ambassadors told of techniques they had tried to bring Rooney UNK friendly UNK UNK UNK pressure subtly exerted through other powerful UNK tales of UNK and UNK among a UNK diplomatic UNK Rooney remained untouched. "The UNK explained UNK UNK then Deputy UNK for Administration, "is that when we get into an argument with him about this thing, it always turns out that Rooney knows more about our budget than we do". One year the Department collected a file of case histories to document its argument that men in the field were paying the government's entertainment bills out of personal income. News of the project reached the press. Next day, reports went through the Department that Rooney had been outraged by what he considered a patent attempt to put public pressure on him for increased entertainment allowances and had UNK an oath that, that year, expense allowances would not rise a dollar. They didn't. The Department's constant fight with the House for money is a polite UNK compared with its periodic UNK engagements with the Senate. Armed with constitutional power to UNK the UNK foreign policy, the Senate carries a big stick and is easily provoked to use it on the State Department's back, or on the head of the Secretary of State. With its power to UNK the Senate can UNK the Secretary by keeping him in a state of perpetual testimony before committees, as it did with Dean UNK John UNK Dulles escaped by keeping his personal show on the road and because Lyndon Johnson, who was then operating the Senate, refused to let it become an UNK During UNK first two years in office, while Republicans ran the Senate, the Department was at the mercy of men who had UNK for its blood since 1945. An internal police operation managed by Scott UNK a former UNK man installed as security officer upon congressional UNK was part of the UNK So was the attack upon Charles E& UNK when Eisenhower appointed him Ambassador to UNK The principal UNK however, was Senator Joseph UNK Where UNK had fought a gallant losing battle for the Department, Dulles fed the UNK with his subordinates. UNK privately but UNK public defense of his UNK UNK Dulles remained serene and detached while the hatchet men had their way. In view of Eisenhower's reluctance to concede that anything was UNK in the UNK it is doubtful that heroic intervention by Dulles could have produced anything but disaster for him and the country's foreign policy. In any event, the example of UNK UNK by the Senate did not encourage Dulles to UNK it. He elected to "get UNK During this dark chapter in State Department history, men who had offered UNK ideas later proven wrong by events filled the UNK sent up to Capitol Hill. Their old errors of judgment were UNK in the curious logic of the time, with present UNK UNK Their successors, absorbing the lesson, made it a point to have few ideas. This, in turn, brought a new fashion in UNK criticism as the Democrats took control. In the new style, the Department was UNK as intellectually barren and unable to produce the vital ideas needed to UNK the Russians. For three or four years in the UNK this complaint was heard UNK up from the Senate floor whenever there was a dull legislative afternoon. It became smart to say that the fault was with Dulles because he would not countenance thinking done by anyone but himself. An equally tenable thesis is that the UNK of new thought was created by the Senate's own UNK for UNK anyone whose ideas seem UNK to the next generation. #@ UNK UNK WITH UNK THERE ARE UNK foreign embassies and UNK in Washington. They range from the Soviet Embassy on UNK Street, a gray UNK pile suggesting a UNK display house, to what Congressman Rooney has called "that UNK on UNK UNK the modern UNK UNK of the UNK Here is the world of the UNK limousine and the gossip UNK of UNK on UNK UNK and the warm UNK of the UNK the UNK the party UNK and the UNK of the rented UNK the double cross, and the tired UNK Into its UNK each day pour reports from ministries around the earth and an endless stream of UNK instructions on how to handle Uncle Sam in an infinite variety of UNK Here are UNK plans for getting a share of the American UNK the secret of the UNK UNK or an invitation to dinner. Out of it each week go hundreds of thousands of words UNK to inform home ministries about what is really happening inside Washington. UNK like the British and the French, maintain an elaborate system of personal contacts and have experts constantly studying special areas of the American scene. Other embassies cable home <The New York Times> without changing a UNK Each has its peculiar style. The Soviet Embassy is popularly regarded as Russian espionage headquarters. When Ambassador UNK Menshikov took it over in 1957 from UNK UNK he made a determined effort to change this idea. Menshikov hit Washington with a ~TV UNK grin and a hearty UNK To everyone's UNK he seemed no more like the UNK Russian ambassador than George UNK was like UNK UNK UNK Where his predecessors had UNK Menshikov smiled. Where they had affected the bleak social style of UNK assistants, Menshikov went abroad UNK in white tie and UNK UNK he became the most available man in Washington. UNK by the Soviet ambassador became the vogue as he obliged rural Maryland UNK and National Press Club alike. In Senator Joseph UNK phrase, it was the most UNK thing ever heard of. A newspaperman who met him at a reception swore that he asked UNK "What should we call you"? And that Menshikov replied: "Just call me UNK UNK UNK was the UNK Washington gave him. His English was usable and he used it UNK UNK in champagne one night at the UNK he UNK his glass to a UNK wife and UNK UNK UNK your UNK For a few UNK months that coincided with one of Moscow's smiling moods, he was the sensation of Washington. At the State Department, UNK Russian experts complained that the Capitol was out of its wits. Newspaper UNK was inspired to remind everyone that UNK too, had been able to smile. The Menshikov UNK ended as UNK with the Russians usually end. Finding peaceful coexistence temporarily unsuitable because of domestic politics, Moscow resumed UNK and UNK UNK dropped quietly out of the press except for an occasional story reporting that he had been UNK somewhere in the Middle West. The most inscrutable embassies are the UNK and the most inscrutable of the UNK are the UNK UNK When King UNK visited Washington, the overwhelming question consuming the press was the size of his family. UNK had it that his children numbered in the hundreds. The State Department was little help on this, or on much else about UNK UNK A reporter who consulted a Middle East Information officer for routine vital statistics got nowhere until the State Department man produced from his bottom desk UNK a UNK published by the UNK Oil Company. "This is where I get my information UNK he UNK "But bring it right back. It's the only copy I've UNK The size of UNK family was still being debated when the King appeared for his first meeting with Eisenhower. When it ended, a UNK sheik in desert UNK flowed into UNK office to report on the interview. The UNK reporters brushed aside the customary UNK about UNK friendship to bore in on the central question. How many children did the King UNK UNK replied the UNK And how many of these were UNK UNK the sheik UNK "Do you mean to tell us", a reporter asked, "that the King has twenty-one children, twenty-five of whom are UNK The sheik smiled and UNK "That is precisely UNK The Egyptians are noted for UNK of language. When Dag Hammarskjold was negotiating the Middle East peace after UNK 1956 invasion of Egypt, he soon found himself speaking the mysterious phrases of UNK a language as UNK as Casey UNK The reports of President UNK pledges which Hammarskjold was UNK from Cairo to Washington became increasingly UNK to other UNK including the UNK Foreign UNK Mrs& UNK UNK Finally he reported that UNK was ready to make a concrete commitment in return for UNK UNK The deep water is used by many people, but it is always clean, for the washing is done outside. I know now why our Japanese friends were surprised when they walked into our bathroom. Of course, most UNK are Eastern style- at floor level- but even when they are raised to chair height, they are actually outside UNK inside. A few newer homes have Western flush UNK but even with running water, they are usually Eastern style. The next day I visited International Christian College which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were UNK and who know Japan well. They are trying to demonstrate some different ways of teaching and learning. The library has open shelves even in the UNK UNK UNK UNK life is UNK but students do not need to be Christian. They have an enviable record of being able to place in employment 100% of their graduates. In the afternoon Miss UNK and her mother invited me to go with them and young Mrs& UNK to see the famous Spring dances of the UNK UNK Mrs& UNK is one of the Japanese women one reads UNK beautiful, artistically UNK an UNK manager of her big UNK UNK boys and four UNK and yet looking like a UNK gentle Japanese woman. She was a real UNK The dances were as beautiful as anything I have ever UNK they rival the New York UNK for scenery and precision as well as imagination. Because Don was leaving the next day, I spent the evening with him at Asia Center. The following morning Mr& UNK called for me, and we went to visit schools- UNK UNK elementary school, and high UNK Mr& UNK school. There is much more freedom in the schools here than I UNK some think too much. There is a great deal of thought being given to the question of moral education in the schools. With the loss of the Emperor UNK in Japan, the people are left in confusion with no God or moral teachings that have strength. The older parents continued to teach their children traditional principles, but the younger people, who have lost all faith and UNK are now parents. There seems to be no purpose in life that is UNK no certain guiding principles to give UNK As a result, money is spent quickly and freely, with no thought of its value. UNK is everywhere, especially among students. Parents indulge their children. The government has recognized the dilemma and is beginning to devise some moral education for the schools- but the teachers often have no firm conviction and are confused. I was told that it is quite likely that Japanese soldiers would not fight again- for why should UNK It will be UNK but interesting, to see what kind of a god these people will create or what strong convictions they will develop. In the evening the former Oregon State science teachers met for dinner at the New Tokyo Restaurant where I had my first raw fish and found it good. They suggested several new foods, and usually I found them good, except the UNK which I think I could learn to like. Six of the science teachers were present, and we had great fun. UNK After a day at UNK Mrs& UNK put me on the train for UNK My instructions were that Mr& UNK would meet me at the hotel, but instead he and three others were at the station with a very warm UNK My hotel rooms on the trip were arranged by Masu and the Japan Travel Bureau and were more elegant than I would have chosen, but it was fun for once to be UNK I did explain to the students, however, that this was not my usual style, for their salaries are very small, and it seemed out of place for me to be housed so well. They understood and UNK me a bit about it. I think I would have been much disappointed in Japan if I had not seen UNK UNK and Hiroshima. Kyoto is the ancient capital of Japan and still its cultural center. UNK along with UNK was untouched by the war- and is now a beautiful example of the loveliness of UNK Japan. Here I was accompanied by Mrs& UNK UNK UNK her son, Mr& Washizu (a prospective student with whom I have been corresponding for more than a UNK and Mr& UNK one of the science teachers. I arrived at UNK a&m& and by UNK a&m& I had finished breakfast and was on my way to see what they had planned. We walked miles and saw various shrines and gardens. We visited the UNK UNK where for the first time I saw the famous tea UNK At UNK p&m& we went to the Kyoto Spring dances at the place where these beautiful dances UNK They were even better than those of UNK more spectacular and more UNK After a supper of UNK UNK with UNK UNK which is raised in an UNK pond at the foot of Mt& UNK I returned to my beautiful room to sleep as hard as possible to be ready for another busy day. We started at 9 a&m& to visit the Kyoto University where Mr& Washizu is UNK I was amazed at the very poor hospital facilities accompanying the medical school. They UNK for the condition, including dirt and UNK and I was a little at a loss to know what to say. There seemed to be no UNK I don't have the answer yet. We had tea at Mr& UNK home where I learned that he, too, comes from a very wealthy family. His grandfather is a Buddhist UNK and he, being the UNK was supposed to be a priest, but he chose to do differently, and one of his brothers is to become the UNK This is a significant fact in Japan, for only a few years ago he would have had no choice. In his big home live four families and thirty people, so it needs to be UNK Also, there are housed here some priceless historical treasures from 400 to 600 years UNK paintings, UNK UNK etc&. He had displayed more of them than usual so that I could enjoy them. About 100 of the most important items he had already given to the museum. The house itself is 400 years old with all the craftsmanship of older, UNK times. UNK UNK AND UNK Mr& UNK went with me on the train to UNK We passed his house and school on the way. In UNK I stayed at the hotel where the Prince and Princess had stayed on their honeymoon. A new red carpet had been laid for their coming, but I walked on it, too. Here Mr& UNK met us after a UNK train trip from the town where he UNK Even though we had walked miles in Kyoto that day, we started out again to see UNK at night. In the evening both of the men went with me on the train 30 miles to Osaka to put me on the train for Hiroshima. Again the plan was for me to go alone, but they wouldn't let me. At UNK Mr& UNK had to leave us to get the train to his home, but Mr& UNK and I had an hour and a half before train time to see Osaka at night. It is the second largest city in Japan, with about four million people. One spot in Osaka I shall always UNK the bridge where we stood to watch the reflections of the elaborate neon signs in the still waters of the river. In the midst of a great busy city, people take time to enjoy the beauty of natural reflection of artificial light. My train arrived in Hiroshima at the awful hour of UNK UNK I had planned to go to the hotel by taxi and sleep a little, after which Mr& UNK would arrive and pilot me around. But there he was at the train with an Oregon State pennant in his hand. I know now why the students insisted that I go to Hiroshima even when I told them I didn't want to. They knew that I was still UNK over the tragic event, and they felt that if I could see the recovery and the spirit of the people, who hold no UNK but who also regret Pearl UNK I would be happier and would understand better a new Japan. There were no words to say this but there was no need. The teachers of Mr& UNK school gave me a small gift to thank me for coming. Hiroshima is a better city than it was before- in the minds of the people I met was a strong determination for peace and understanding. I was grateful for their insight into my need for this experience. A better world may yet come out of Hiroshima. UNK On arriving in Tokyo later we were met by Masu who took us immediately to her university, the Japanese Women's University. This day was UNK House for UNK day, and the girls were busy preparing exhibits and arranging tea tables. Everything was in an exciting UNK full of anticipation and fun. It was thrilling to see the effect of an UNK teacher on Japanese students in a class in Home UNK Our Masu is one of the very few architects in Japan who is trying to plan homes around family functions and women's needs. I am told the time will soon come when women will find it necessary to do most of their own work, and even now it is important to have UNK for the use of servants. Many of the features of the homes are the latest modern devices in American homes, but an interesting blend of cultures finds us using Japanese UNK in our own Western architecture at the same time that the Japanese are adopting Western utility patterns. At this Women's University we find a monument to a courageous family who believed that Japanese women also should be UNK Even today there are some doubts about the value of education for Japanese women, but this University continues to grow and to send its students out into the community. Active UNK have built a fine building on the campus where members can come and stay for a few days or longer and where they can have their social gatherings and professional meetings. As far as I am concerned there is continuous piling up of evidence that the creative fresh ideas which are needed in the world are going to be found by educated women UNK to break traditions. Masu is also teaching in a UNK school for Japanese UNK in UNK Here the women learn to keep house as UNK they become skilled in cooking and cleaning and in receiving guests. They learn how to take care of children and sick members of the family. They have model kitchens, a sick room with a model patient in bed, and a nursery with a UNK UNK Although the training is only for one month, it is intensive and UNK UNK of this UNK school are much in demand and can always find work immediately. Occasionally they return for additional training. UNK home economics training comes into play as she designs UNK along modern functional lines for the storage of cleaning materials. Masu also uses the training she got in an American home where she learned to polish furniture, clean UNK and work effectively in keeping a shiny house. Her education in the United States, not just in a UNK but also in an American house with an American UNK stands her in good UNK UNK OF UNK After a fine luncheon in the cafeteria, the kitchen of which Masu had planned, Mr& Washizu and I left to meet representatives of the UNK for a visit to the University of UNK Here again it was vacation time and there were many things I could not see, but I was able to visit with a professor who is famous in Japanese circles and be guided through the grounds by his UNK The achievement of the desegregation of certain lunch counters not only by wise action by local community leaders but by voluntary action following consultation between Attorney General Rogers and the heads of certain national chain stores should, of course, be UNK But for it to be just to attain this same result by means of the force of a boycott throughout the nation would require the verification of facts contrary to those assumed in the foregoing case. The suppositions in the previous illustration might be sufficiently altered by establishing a connection between general company practice and local practice in the South, and by establishing such direct connection between the practice and the economic well-being of stores located in New York and general company policy. Then the boycott would not be UNK but a primary one. It would be directed against the actual location of the UNK policy which, for UNK sake and for the sake of justice, must be removed, and, UNK from this, to the economic injury of the people directly and UNK a part of this policy. Perhaps this would be sufficient to justify an economic boycott of an entire national chain in order, by threatening potential injury to its entire economy, to effect an alteration of the policy of its local stores in the matter of segregation. Such a general boycott might still be a blunt or UNK instrument, and therefore of questionable UNK Action located where the evil is concentrated will prove most decisive and is most clearly UNK Moreover, UNK alone would indicate that, unless the local customs are already ready to fall when UNK the results of direct economic action everywhere upon national chain stores will likely be simply to give undue advantage to local and state stores which conform to these UNK leading to greater UNK and local autonomy within the company, or even (as the final UNK of an UNK application of economic pressure to correct UNK to its going out of business in certain sections of the country UNK for that matter, the UNK who once had many meetings in the UNK War South, largely went out of business in that part of the country over the slavery issue, never to recover a large number of southern UNK In any case, anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White UNK UNK in the entire state of Mississippi against every local UNK dealer in that state, in protest against a UNK program over a national ~TV network on which was presented a drama UNK it seemed, a UNK yellow UNK UNK with a white man. It is true, of course, that the end or objective of this action was different. But since this is a world in which people disagree about ends and goals and concerning justice and injustice, and since, in a situation where direct action and economic pressure are called for, the justice of the matter has either not been clearly defined by law or the law is not effectively present, there has to be a UNK of UNK applied in every case in which people take it upon themselves to use economic pressures or other forms of force. the need that we not give UNK approval to any but a limited use of economic pressure directed against the actual UNK of injustice is clear also in light of the fact that White UNK UNK seem resolved to maintain segregation mainly by the use of these same means and not ordinarily by physical violence. An unlimited use of economic pressures for UNK opposite causes could UNK the UNK of any fellow humanity as surely as this would be destroyed by the use of more obviously brutal means. The end or aim of the action, of course, is also important, especially where it is not alone a matter of changing community customs but of the use of deadly economic power to UNK a person from stepping forward to claim his legal rights, e&g&, against Negroes who register to vote in Fayette County, Tennessee, at the present moment. Here the recourse is in steps to give economic UNK to those being UNK and to legal UNK This, however, is sufficient to show that more or less non-violent resistance and economic conflict (if both sides are strong UNK can be war of all against all no less than if other means are used. It is also sufficient to show the Christian and any other champion of justice that he needs to make sure not only that his cause is just but also that his UNK is UNK i&e&, that, if economic pressure has to be resorted to, this be applied directly against those persons directly in the way of some salutary change in business or institutional practices, while, if injury fall upon others, it fall upon them indirectly and secondarily UNK UNK and not by deliberate intent and direct action against them. It is clear that non-violent resistance is a mode of action in need of justification and limitation in Christian morality, like any other form of resistance. The UNK used itself often makes very clear that this is only another form of struggle for victory UNK to be chosen above all UNK One of the UNK leaders has said: "Nobody from the top of Heaven to the bottom of UNK can stop the march to freedom. Everybody in the world today might as well make up their minds to march with freedom or freedom is going to march over them". The present writer certainly agrees with that statement, and would also affirm this- in the order of justice. However, it is also a Christian insight to know that unless charity UNK justice it is not likely to be freedom that marches forward. And when charity UNK man's struggle for justice and freedom it does not simply surround this with a sentimental good will. It also definitely UNK conduct in the way explained above, and this means far more than in the choice of non-violent means. R& B& UNK has written that UNK and good will of the victim act like the lack of physical opposition by the user of physical UNK to cause the attacker to lose his moral balance. He suddenly and unexpectedly loses the moral support which the usual violent resistance of most victims would render UNK and again, that "the object of non-violent resistance is partly analogous to this object of war- namely, to demoralize the UNK to break his will, to destroy his confidence, UNK and hope. In another respect it is UNK for non-violent resistance UNK the opponent only to UNK in him a new morale that is firmer because it is based on sounder UNK A trial of strength, however, is made quite inevitable by virtue of the fact that anyone engaging in non-violent resistance will be convinced that his action is based on sounder values than those of his UNK and in warfare with any means, men commonly disagree over the justice of the cause. This makes necessary a morality of means, and principles governing the UNK of resistance whenever this is thought to be UNK The question, then, is whether sufficient discrimination in the use of even non-violent means of UNK is to be found in the fact that such conduct UNK and overcomes the opponent while UNK and UNK him. Here it is relevant to remember that men commonly regard some causes as more important than their UNK and to them it will seem insignificant that it is proposed to defeat such causes UNK A technique by which it is proposed to enter with compulsion into the very heart of a man and determine his values may often in fact seem the more unlimited UNK Among Christian groups, the UNK have commonly been aware more than others of the fact that the nature of divine charity raises decisively the question of the Christian use of all forms of pressure. Since the will and word of God are for them concentrated in UNK love, it seems clear to them that non-violent resistance is quite another thing. "The primary objective of UNK writes the outstanding UNK UNK "is not peace, or obedience to the divine will, but rather certain desired social changes, for personal, or class, or national UNK Without agreeing with every phrase in this statement, we must certainly assert the great difference between Christian love and any form of resistance, and then go on beyond the UNK position and affirm that Christian UNK must first justify and then determine the moral principles limiting resistance. These principles we have now set forth. UNK in the use of power needs not only to be asserted, but clearly UNK and when this is done it will be found that the principles governing Christian resistance cut across the distinction between violent and non-violent means, and apply to both alike, justifying either on occasion and always limiting either action. UNK in the use of power means more than UNK a UNK UNK pressure upon an opponent and upon the injustice UNK That would amount to calculating the means and justifying them wholly in terms of their effectiveness in reaching desired goals. There must also be additional and more fundamental discrimination in the use of means of resistance, violent or UNK The justification in Christian conscience of the use of any mode of resistance also lays down its UNK in the distinction between the persons against whom pressure is primarily directed, those upon whom it may be permitted also to fall, and those who may never be directly UNK for the sake even of achieving some great good. In these terms, the "economic UNK of the Negroes of Nashville, Tennessee, from trading in the center city, for example, was clearly justified, since these distinctions do not require that only people subjectively guilty be singled out. We may now take up for consideration a hard case which seems to require either no action employing economic pressure or else action that would seem to violate the principles set forth above. There may be instances in which, if economic pressure is to be undertaken at all, this would have to be applied without discrimination against a whole people. An excellent article was published recently in the journal of the Church Peace Union by a South African journalist on the inhuman economic conditions of the UNK in South Africa, UNK to virtual slavery, and the economic UNK of both the government and the people of the United States in these conditions. "**h UNK of American dollars, not only from capital investors but also from the pockets of U& S& UNK this author states, "are being poured into South Africa to support a system dedicated to the UNK the persecution, and the almost UNK exploitation of 12 million people the color of whose skins happens not to be UNK Both the conditions and the complicity are documented in considerable detail. This leads to the conclusion that "the fact is inescapable that America does have a say in whether or not UNK shall UNK Our leadership in a wide economic boycott of South Africa would be not only in UNK it seems, with the moral conscience of America, not to be denied because we also as a people have widespread injustice in the relations of the races in our own country, but also in accord with our law, U&S& Code Title 19, Section UNK which forbids the UNK of goods made by forced or convict labor. Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which, this author believes, "must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the UNK of another UNK UNK liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration. They have also led the nation in the direction of a welfare state. And both in their objectives of UNK and of social progress they have had ranged against them the Southerners who are called UNK The name presumably derives from the French royal house which never learned and never UNK since UNK UNK though of Kentucky origin, is at least as much favored by liberals in the North as by UNK in the South. The nature of the opposition between liberals and Bourbons is too little understood in the North. The race problem has tended to obscure other, less emotional, issues which may fundamentally be even more UNK It is these other differences between North and South- other, that is, than those which concern discrimination or social UNK which I chiefly discuss UNK I write about Northern liberals from considerable personal experience. A Southerner married to a New Englander, I have lived for many years in a Connecticut commuting town with a high percentage of artists, writers, publicity men, and business executives of UNK UNK Most of them are Democrats and nearly all consider themselves, and are viewed as, UNK This is puzzling to an UNK conscious of the classic tradition of UNK because it is clear that these Democrats who are UNK are at opposite poles from the liberal Jefferson, who held that the best government was the least government. Yet UNK my liberal friends continue to view Jefferson as one of their patron UNK When I question them as to what they mean by concepts like liberty and democracy, I find that they fall into two UNK the simpler ones who have simply accepted the UNK of their faith without UNK and the intelligent, cynical ones who UNK reply that these things don't count any more in the world of UNK I am UNK they say, to make use of such words. I take this to mean that the UNK and therefore necessarily UNK liberal considers that the need for a national economy with controls that will assure his conception of social justice is so great that individual and local liberties as well as democratic processes may have to yield before it. This seems like an attitude favoring a sort of totalitarian bureaucracy which, under a President of the same UNK would try to UNK an UNK Congress or Supreme Court. As for states' rights, they have never counted in the thinking of my liberal friends except as UNK of a minor and immoral nature which exist now only as UNK The American liberal may, in the world of UNK have a strong case; but he presents it publicly so UNK in UNK that it is not an honest one. Why, in the first place, call himself a liberal if he is against UNK and favors an authoritarian central government with UNK controls over everybody? If he UNK little importance to personal liberty, why not make this known to the world? And if he is so UNK of the rights of states, why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely UNK I am concerned here, however, with the Northern UNK attitude toward the South. It appears to be one of intense UNK which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of Southern friends. His assumption seems to be that any such friends, being UNK UNK must be more liberal than most Southerners and therefore at least partly in sympathy with his views. UNK editor, Thomas UNK in his book, <The UNK UNK wrote: "**h most of what was different about it (the UNK UNK I found myself unsympathetic to **h". This, for the liberals I know, would be an UNK UNK is no mere lack of sympathy, but something closer to the passionate hatred that was directed against UNK I do not think that my experience would be typical for Southerners living in the North. In business circles, usually conservative, this sort of atmosphere would hardly be found. But in our UNK and neither my wife nor I have extreme views on integration, nor are we given to emotional UNK the situation has ruined one or two valued UNK and come close to UNK several more. In fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south, because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a UNK of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down. UNK have been published of Northern liberals in the South up against UNK UNK especially in UNK universities where pressure may be strong to uphold the majority view. But these accounts do not show that Northerners have been subjected to embarrassment or UNK by UNK displayed in social UNK From my wife's experience and other sources, this seems to be rarely encountered in educated circles. The strong feeling is certainly there; but there is a UNK of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South, especially among those who studied in the North. And social relations arising out of business ties impose UNK if not sympathy, toward resident and visiting UNK Also, among the latter a large percentage soon acquire the prevalent Southern attitude on most social problems. There are of course many UNK but for this discussion the most important division is between those who have been reconstructed and those who UNK My definition of this much abused UNK is that a reconstructed rebel is one who is glad that the North won the War. Nobody knows how many Southerners there are in this category. I suspect that there are far more unreconstructed ones than the North likes to believe. I never heard of a poll being taken on the question. No doubt such a thing would be considered UNK Prior to 1954 I imagine that a majority of Southerners would have voted against the UNK Since the Supreme Court's decision of that year this is more UNK and if a poll had been taken immediately following the dispatch of troops to Little Rock I believe the majority would have been for the Old South. UNK in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones. Probably a larger percentage of UNK and South UNK remain unreconstructed than elsewhere, with Georgia, North Carolina, and Alabama following along after them. Old attitudes are held more UNK in the UNK than the UNK so that a line running down the length of the South marking the upper limits of UNK would roughly divide the Old South from the new, but with, of course, important minority UNK The UNK areas of states like Virginia and South Carolina developed the ante-bellum culture to its richest UNK and there the memory is more UNK and the consciousness of loss the greater. Also, we should not even UNK discount the fact that a region such as the coastal UNK centering on UNK had closer ties with England and the West Indies than with the North even after independence. The social and psychological consequences of this continue to affect the area. In certain respects defeat increased the persistent UNK of the Old South. Poor where they had once been rich, UNK where they had been UNK having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation, the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country. And no doubt many people in states like the UNK and Georgia, which were among the most Tory in sentiment in the eighteenth century, bitterly regretted the revolt against the UNK Among Bourbons the racial issue may have less to do with their remaining unreconstructed than other factors. All Southerners agree that slavery had to UNK but many historians maintain that except for Northern meddling it would have ended in states like Virginia years before it did. Southern resentment has been over the method of its UNK the UNK and UNK their fears now are of UNK and Negro political control in many counties. But apart from racial problems, the old unreconstructed South- to use the moderate words favored by Mr& Thomas UNK finds itself unsympathetic to most of what is different about the civilization of the North. And this, in effect, means most of modern America. It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise. And therein, I UNK many Northerners UNK themselves about the South. For one thing, this is not a subject often discussed or analyzed. There seems to be almost a conspiracy of silence UNK it. I suppose the reason is a kind of wishful UNK don't talk about the final stages of UNK and they will take care of themselves. Or else the North really believes that all Southerners except a few quaint old characters have come around to realizing the errors of their past, and are now at heart UNK of the American UNK like everybody else. If the circumstances are faced frankly it is not reasonable to expect this to be true. The situation of the South since 1865 has been unique in the western world. Regardless of rights and UNK a population and an area appropriate to a UNK great power have been, following UNK ruled against their will by a neighboring people, and have had imposed upon them social and economic controls they UNK And the great majority of these people are of Anglo-Saxon or Celtic UNK This is the only case in modern history of a people of UNK origin submitting without continued struggle to what they view as foreign domination. The fact is due mainly to international wars, both hot and cold. In every war of the United States since the Civil War the South was more belligerent than the rest of the country. So instead of being tests of the South's loyalty, the Spanish War, the two World UNK and the Korean War all served to overcome old UNK and cement UNK And there is no section of the nation more ardent than the South in the cold war against Communism. Had the situation been reversed, had, for instance, England been the enemy in UNK because of issues of concern chiefly to New England, there is little doubt that large numbers of Southerners would have happily put on their old Confederate uniforms to fight as allies of Britain. It is extraordinary that a people as proud and warlike as Southerners should have been as docile as they have. The North should thank its stars that such has been the case; but at the same time it should not draw false UNK UNK The two main charges UNK against the Bourbons by liberals is that they are UNK and social UNK There is much truth in both these charges, and not many Bourbons deny them. Whatever their faults, they are not UNK Most of them sincerely believe that the Anglo-Saxon is the best race in the world and that it should remain UNK Many UNK believe this, too, but few of them will say so publicly. The UNK economic philosophy, moreover, is not very different from that of Northern UNK But those among the Bourbons who remain unreconstructed go much further than this. They believe that if the South had been let alone it would have produced a civilization superior to that of modern America. As it is, they consider that the North is now UNK the fruits of excess UNK that in spite of its high standard of living the "American UNK has been proved inferior to the English and UNK ways, although they disapprove of the socialistic features of the latter. The South's antipathy to Northern civilization includes such charges as poor manners, harsh UNK lack of appreciation of the arts of living like UNK and the use of UNK Their own UNK slower tempo is especially dear to UNK and I have heard many say that they are content to earn a half or a third as much as they could up North because they so much prefer the quieter habits of their home town. In the past, the duties of the state, as Sir Henry UNK noted long ago, were only two in UNK internal order and external security. By prevailing over other claimants for the loyalties of men, the nation-state maintained an adequate measure of certainty and order within its territorial UNK Outside those limits it asserted, as against other states, a position of sovereign equality, and, as against the UNK peoples of the UNK world, a position of dominance. It became the sole UNK of UNK law" (a term which, it is pertinent to remember, was coined by UNK a body of legal principle which by and large was made up of what Western nations could do in the world UNK UNK corpus of law was a reflection of the power system in existence during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Speaking generally, it UNK and still tends to UNK the interests of the Western powers. The enormous changes in world politics have, however, thrown it into confusion, so much so that it is safe to say that all international law is now in need of UNK and clarification in light of the social conditions of the present UNK Beyond the two basic tasks mentioned above, no attention was paid by statesman or scholar to an idea of state responsibility, either internally or UNK This was particularly true in the world UNK which was an UNK UNK characterized by strife and UNK competition for colonial UNK That any sort of duty was owed by his nation to other nations would have UNK a nineteenth-century statesman. His duty was to his sovereign and to his nation, and an extension to peoples beyond the territorial boundaries was not to be UNK Thus, to cite but one example, the UNK UNK of the nineteenth century, whether with the British navy ruling the seas or with the City of London ruling world finance, was strictly national in UNK however much other nations (e&g&, the United UNK may have incidentally UNK At the same time, all suggestions that some sort of societal responsibility existed for the welfare of the people within the territorial state was strongly UNK Social UNK was able to UNK off the incipient socialist movement until well into the present century. However, in recent decades, for what doubtless are multiple reasons, an UNK but nonetheless readily UNK shift has occurred in both facets of national activity. A concept of responsibility is in process of UNK and UNK Already firmly UNK UNK it is a growing factor in external matters. ## A little more than twenty years ago the American people turned an important corner. In what has aptly been called a UNK UNK the basic nature of government was transformed from one essentially negative in nature (the UNK UNK to one with affirmative duties to UNK The UNK state" came into existence. For lawyers, reflecting perhaps their parochial UNK there has been a special fascination since then in the role played by the Supreme Court in that UNK the manner in which its decisions altered in "the switch in time that saved UNK President Roosevelt's ill-starred but in effect UNK UNK UNK the UNK of judicial approval that was finally placed upon social legislation. Of greater importance, however, is the content of those programs, which have had and are having enormous consequences for the American people. Labor relations have been UNK income security has become a standardized feature of political UNK and all the many facets of the American version of the welfare state have become part of the conventional wisdom. A national consensus of near unanimity exists that these governmental efforts are desirable as well as necessary. UNK in the Republican Party victory in 1952, the UNK State is now evidenced by political campaigns being waged not on UNK but on UNK UNK social legislation there should be. The general acceptance of the idea of governmental (i&e&, UNK responsibility for the economic well-being of the American people is surely one of the two most significant UNK in American constitutional history. The other, of course, was the Civil War, the conflict which a century ago insured national unity over UNK A third, one of at least equal and perhaps even greater importance, is now being UNK American UNK and involvement in world affairs. Internal national responsibility, now a UNK need not be UNK Nevertheless, it may be helpful to cite one example- that of UNK for, as will be shown below, it cuts across both facets of the new concept. UNK years ago, while the nation was UNK in economic depression, the prevailing philosophy of government was to stand aside and allow UNK UNK to operate and cure the distress. That guiding principle of the UNK Administration fell to the UNK guns of the New UNK less than a score of years later Congress enacted the Employment Act of 1946, by which the national government assumed the responsibility of taking action to insure conditions of maximum employment. UNK the economy was replaced by conscious guidance through UNK the economic side of the constitutional revolution. In 1961 the first important legislative victory of the Kennedy Administration came when the principle of UNK responsibility for <local> economic distress won out over a UNK UNK provision was made for payment for unemployment relief by nation-wide taxation rather than by a levy only on those states afflicted with manpower UNK The American people have indeed come a long way in the brief interval between 1930 and 1961. Internal national responsibility is a societal response to the impact of the Industrial UNK UNK to its simplest terms, it is an assumption of a collective duty to compensate for the inability of individuals to cope with the rigors of the era. National responsibility for individual welfare is a concept not limited to the United States or even to the Western nations. A measure of its widespread acceptance may be derived from a statement of the International Congress of UNK in 1959. Meeting in New Delhi under the auspices of the International Commission of UNK a body of lawyers from the free world, the Congress UNK and expanded the traditional Rule of Law to include affirmative governmental duties. It is noteworthy that the majority of the delegates to the Congress were from the less developed, former colonial nations. The Rule of UNK historically a principle according everyone his UNK in UNK before an impartial UNK was broadened UNK by making it a responsibility of government to promote individual welfare. Recognizing that the Rule of Law is "a dynamic concept **h which should be employed not only to safeguard the civil and political rights of the individual in a free UNK the Congress asserted that it also included the responsibility "to establish social, economic, educational and cultural conditions under which his legitimate aspirations and dignity may be UNK The idea of national responsibility thus has become a common feature of the nations of the UNK world. For better or for worse, we all now live in welfare states, the organizing principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being. Whether a concept analogous to the principle of internal responsibility operates in a nation's external relations is less obvious and more difficult to UNK The hypothesis ventured here is that it does, and that evidence is accumulating UNK that UNK The content is not the same, UNK rather than individual security, it is the security and continuing existence of an UNK UNK those in the "free UNK that is UNK External national responsibility involves a burgeoning requirement that the leaders of the Western nations so guide their decisions as to further the viability of other friendly nations. If internal responsibility suggests acceptance of the socialist ideal of equality, then external responsibility implies adherence to principles of ideological UNK UNK to two other UNK nationalism and UNK may help to reveal the contours of the new principle. In its beginnings the nation-state had to struggle to assert itself- UNK against feudal groups, and UNK against the power and influence of such other claimants for loyalty as the Church. The UNK of the Holy Roman Empire and the downfall of UNK led, not more than two centuries ago, to the surge of UNK UNK the UNK of the nation-state coincides roughly with the separate existence of the United States as an independent UNK it is perhaps natural for Americans to think of the nation as representative of the highest form of order, something permanent and UNK The concept of nationalism is the political principle that UNK and UNK the territorial state as the characteristic type of UNK structure. But it is more than that. For it includes the emotional ties that bind men to their homeland and the complex motivations that hold a large group of people together as a unit. Today, as new nations rise from the former colonial UNK nationalism is one of the hurricane forces loose in the world. Almost UNK in intensity, the principle has become UNK in UNK unfortunately at the very time that nationalist UNK can UNK greatest UNK Historically, however, the concept is one that has been of marked benefit to the people of the Western civilizational group. By UNK disparate lesser groups the nation has, to some degree at least, broadened the capacity for individual liberty. Within their UNK moreover, technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace, thus increasing the UNK from which material wants can be satisfied. While the pattern is UNK some having gained more than others, nationalism has in fact served the Western peoples well. UNK historical nationalism helped the peoples of the remainder of the world, and whether today's nationalism in the former colonial areas has equally beneficial aspects, are other UNK It is one of the ironic UNK of history that the viability and usefulness of nationalism and the territorial state are rapidly UNK at precisely the time that the nation-state attained its highest number (approximately UNK But it is more than UNK one of the main reasons why nationalism is no longer a tenable concept is UNK it has spread throughout the UNK In other words, nationalism worked well enough when it had limited application, both as to UNK and as to UNK it becomes a perilous UNK when adopted on a world-wide basis. UNK the political principle of nationalism is the legal principle of UNK The former receives its UNK from the latter. Operating side by side, together they helped shore up the UNK While sovereignty has roots in UNK in its present usage it is essentially UNK Jean UNK writing in the sixteenth century, may have been the UNK UNK but it was the vastly influential John Austin who set out the main lines of the concept as now understood. UNK nineteenth-century view of law and sovereignty still dominates much of today's legal and political thinking. To him, law is the command of the sovereign (the English UNK who UNK the power of the nation, while sovereignty is the power to make UNK i&e&, to prevail over internal groups and to be free from the commands of other UNK in other nations. These fundamental UNK the UNK of sovereignty and its dual UNK UNK still remain the core of that concept of ultimate political power. The UNK then, UNK the principle of nationalism and exercises UNK supreme power over domestic affairs and independence from outside control. In fact, however, both principles have always been UNK and loosely defined. UNK abstractions are always difficult to pin down with precision. That is particularly true of sovereignty when it is applied to democratic societies, in which UNK sovereignty is said to exist, and in federal nations, in which the jobs of government are split. Nevertheless, nationalism and sovereignty are UNK in the accepted wisdom, to describe the modern world. Is there a different reality behind the UNK Does the surface hide a quite different UNK The short answer to those questions is UNK Both concepts are undergoing UNK to some degree they are being UNK by a concept of national responsibility. As evidence to support that view, consider the following illustrative instances. Can UNK war be set off by UNK What steps have been taken to guard against the one sort of mishap that could trigger the destruction of UNK Are we as safe as we should be from such a UNK Is anything being done to increase our margin of UNK Will the danger increase or UNK I have just asked these questions in the UNK in the White House, in offices of key scientists across the country and aboard the submarines that UNK for months UNK with neat rows of green launch tubes which contain Polaris missiles and which are UNK known as UNK UNK I asked the same questions inside the UNK rooms of an Atlas missile base in UNK where officers who wear UNK are UNK the UNK UNK that could start a war- accidentally or by design- and in the command centers where other UNK men could give orders to push such buttons. To the men in the UNK bomber UNK submarine UNK and the UNK UNK rooms that would be the UNK of tomorrow's impersonal intercontinental wars, the questions seem UNK There is UNK pressure, but its sources are UNK UNK UNK are almost UNK Each could be the real thing. In the command centers there are special clocks ready to UNK off the minutes elapsed since UNK UNK "~E" stands for UNK the moment a "go UNK would UNK an American nuclear strike. There is little time for the men in the command centers to reflect about the implications of these UNK They are preoccupied riding herd on control panels, switches, flashing colored lights on pale green or gray consoles that look like business machines. They know little about their machinery beyond mechanical details. UNK war is so sensitive a subject that most of the people who could become directly involved in one are told just enough so they can perform their portions of incredibly complex tasks. Among the policy makers, UNK UNK psychologists and others charged with controlling the actions of the button UNK and their UNK the answers to my questions varied partly according to a man's flair for what the professionals in this field call UNK As an Air Force psychiatrist put it: "You can't have dry runs on this one". The experts are thus forced to UNK sequences of events that have never occurred, probably never will- but possibly UNK Only one rule prevailed in my conversations with these men: The more highly placed they are- that is, the more they UNK the more concerned they have become. Already accidental war is a silent guest at the discussions within the Kennedy Administration about the urgency of disarmament and nearly all other questions of national security. Only recently new UNK were discovered in our safety measures, and a search is now on for more. Work is under way to see whether new restraining devices should be installed on all nuclear weapons. Meanwhile, the experts speak of wars triggered by UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and other terms that will be discussed in this report. They UNK a secret world centered on "go UNK and UNK UNK Their conversations were, almost UNK accompanied by the same UNK arms and pointed UNK UNK toward each other in UNK UNK motions. One arm represented our bombers and missiles, the other arm UNK Yet implicit in each movement was the death of millions, perhaps hundreds of millions, perhaps you and me- and the experts. These men are not UNK It is their job to think about the UNK UNK they believe that the world would become a UNK place if more of us- and more Russians and Communist Chinese, too- thought about accidental war. The first systematic thinking about this UNK box within UNK boxes was done four years ago by Fred UNK a UNK UNK UNK UNK He was, and is, with the UNK Corporation, a UNK pool of thinkers financed by the U& S& Air Force. His investigations made him the Paul UNK of accidental war, and safety procedures were enormously increased. In recent weeks, as a result of a sweeping defense policy UNK by the Kennedy Administration, basic United States strategy has been UNK and large new sums UNK to meet the UNK danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible. The chain starts at UNK UNK UNK Early UNK UNK in UNK UNK Its radar UNK would register Soviet missiles shortly after they are launched against the United States. UNK intelligence is simultaneously flashed to UNK UNK American Air Defense UNK in Colorado Springs, Colorado, for interpretation; to the ~SAC command and control post, forty-five feet below the ground at UNK Air Force UNK near UNK UNK to the Joint War Room of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in the Pentagon and to the President. UNK UNK several kinds of radio systems and, in some cases, television, link all vital points. UNK locations exist for all key command centers. For UNK emergencies ~SAC has alternate command posts on UNK jet UNK UNK UNK UNK and frequencies make the chain as unbreakable as possible. The same principle of UNK applies to all communications on these special UNK And no messages can be transmitted on these UNK until UNK and receivers UNK in UNK by special codes, that the messages actually come from their purported sources. Additional codes can be used to challenge and UNK the UNK Only the President is permitted to authorize the use of nuclear weapons. That's the law. But what if somebody decides to break it? The President cannot personally remove the safety devices from every nuclear UNK He makes the momentous decision. Hundreds of men are required to pass the word to the button UNK and to push the buttons. What if one or more of them turn irrational or suddenly, UNK decide to UNK the UNK What if the President himself, in the language of the military, UNK UNK Or UNK decided to reverse national policy and hit the Soviets without UNK Nobody can be absolutely certain of the UNK However, the system is UNK UNK and UNK so that no one man could UNK a UNK war. Even the President cannot pick up his telephone and give a UNK order. Even he does not know the one signal for a nuclear strike- the "go UNK In an emergency he would receive available intelligence on the UNK UNK A system of UNK actually UNK phones UNK him with the offices and action stations of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of UNK the ~SAC commander and other key men. All can be connected with the gold circuit from their homes. All could help the President make his decision. The talk would not be in UNK but neither would it UNK UNK questions would be quickly answered according to a UNK UNK UNK who participate in the continual practice drills assured me that the President's decision could be made and announced on the gold circuit within minutes after the first flash from UNK If communications work, his decision would be instantly known in all command posts that would originate the actual go order. For these centers, too, are on the gold UNK They include the Navy's Atlantic Command at UNK Virginia, which is in contact with the Polaris UNK ~NATO headquarters in UNK Air Force forward headquarters in Europe and in the Pacific, which control tactical fighters on ships and land UNK and UNK which controls long-range bombers and Atlas missiles. Let us look in on one of these nerve UNK ~SAC at UNK and see what must still happen before a wing of ~B-52 bombers could drop their UNK In a word, UNK The key man almost certainly would be Col& William W& Wisman, UNK senior UNK He or his deputy or one of their seven assistants, all full UNK UNK the heart of the command post twenty-four hours a day. It is a quiet but impressive UNK 140 feet long, UNK feet wide, twenty-one feet high. UNK panels of UNK maps and charts are UNK with intelligence information. And Bill Wisman, UNK a farmer's son from UNK Ohio, is a quiet but impressive man. His eyes are steady UNK of the deepest brown. His movements and speech are precise, clear and UNK No question UNK him or causes him to UNK Wisman, who has had the chief UNK job for four years, calls the signals for a team operating three rows of UNK consoles studded with UNK switches and buttons. At least a dozen men, some armed, are never far away from him. In front of him is a gold UNK In emergencies the ~SAC commander, Gen& Thomas UNK or his deputies and their staff would occupy a balcony that stretches across the length of the room above Wisman and his staff. At General UNK seat in the balcony there is also a gold UNK General Power would participate in the decision making. Wisman, below, would listen in and act. His consoles can give him instant contact with more than seventy bases around the world and with every ~SAC aircraft. He need only pick up one of the two red telephone receivers at his extreme left, right next to the big red button marked UNK UNK are two receivers in case one should be dropped and UNK But Wisman, too, does not know the go UNK He must take it from "the red UNK In point of fact, this is a UNK box with a bright red door, about one and a half feet square and hung from the wall about six feet from the door to Wisman's right. The box is internally wired so the door can never be opened without setting off a UNK UNK UNK real UNK Now we must become vague, for we are approaching one of the nation's most guarded secrets. The codes in the red UNK there are several of them covering various UNK are contained in a sealed UNK UNK UNK They are UNK a batch at a time, by a secret source and are continually changed by Wisman or his staff, at random intervals. But even the contents of Wisman's box cannot start a war. They are mere UNK just one portion of UNK UNK What these fragments are and how they UNK the go order may not be UNK The pieces must be placed in the context of the prepared messages by Wisman's staff. In addition to the UNK and UNK procedures which precede and follow the sending of the go UNK again in special codes, each message also contains an UNK UNK another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing. I asked Wisman what would happen if he broke out the go codes and tried to start UNK one. "I'd wind up full of UNK bullet UNK he said, and there was no question that he was talking about bullets fired by his UNK Now let us imagine a wing of UNK on alert near their UNK control (or UNK UNK the spots on the UNK many miles from Soviet territory, beyond which they are forbidden to fly without specific orders to proceed to their targets. They, too, have fragments of the go code with them. As Wisman put it, "They have separate pieces of the pie, and we have the whole UNK Once we send out the whole pie, they can put their pieces into it. Unless we send out the whole pie, their pieces mean UNK Why does Wisman's ever-changing code always mesh with the fragments in possession of the button UNK The answer is a UNK secret. At any rate, three men out of a UNK ~B-52 crew are required to copy down Wisman's UNK message. Each must match Wisman's UNK with the fragment that he carries with him. All three must compare notes and agree to UNK ## After that, it requires several minutes of concentrated work, including six separate and deliberate actions by a minimum of three men sitting at three separate stations in a UNK each with another man beside him to help, for an armed bomb to be UNK Unless all gadgets are properly UNK and the wires and seals from the handles removed UNK no damage can be done. UNK however, their posture changed and the game ended. They went as rigid as black UNK **h six figures, lean and tall and UNK went still. Their heads were in the air UNK They all swung at the same instant in the same direction. They saw it before I did, even with my UNK It was nothing more than a tiny distant rain UNK a dull gray sheet which reached from a layer of clouds to the earth. In the 360 degrees of horizon it UNK only a degree, no more. A white man would not have seen it. The aborigines fastened upon it with a concentration beyond UNK UNK they waited until the squall thickened and began to move in a long drifting UNK across the dry burning land. At once the whole band set off at a UNK They were UNK a rain UNK They went after the squall as mercilessly as a UNK pack after an abandoned UNK I followed them in the UNK and now they did not care. The games were over, this was life. Occasionally, for no reason that I could see, they would suddenly alter the angle of their trot. Sometimes I guessed it was because the rain squall had changed direction. Sometimes it was to skirt a UNK Their gait is impossible to convey in words. It has nothing of the proud stride of the trained UNK about it, it is not a UNK it is not done with style or UNK It is the gait of the human who must run to UNK arms UNK legs barely swinging over the ground, head hung down and only occasionally swinging up to see the target, a loose motion that is just short of stumbling and yet is wonderfully UNK It is a barely controlled skimming of the ground. They ran for three hours. Finally, avoiding UNK and seeking low ground, they UNK the rain UNK For ten minutes they ran beneath the UNK raising their arms and, for the first time, shouting and UNK Then the wind died and the rain squall held UNK They were studying the ground. Suddenly one of them shouted, ran a few feet, bent forward and put his mouth to the ground. He had found a depression with rain water in it. He bent down, a black UNK figure, and put his mouth to the ground. With a UNK and generous gesture, the UNK stood up and beckoned to the closest of his fellows. The other trotted over and UNK at the tiny UNK In an instant he had UNK it dry. The aborigine lives on the UNK land I have ever seen. Which does not mean that it is ugly. Part of it is, of course. There are thousands of square miles of salt pan which are UNK They are huge areas which have been swept by winds for so many centuries that there is no soil left, but only deep bare ridges fifty or sixty yards apart with UNK between them thirty or forty feet deep and the only thing that moves is a UNK layer of sand. Such stretches have an inhuman UNK quality. But much of the land which the aborigine UNK UNK as if it should be UNK It is softened by the UNK and the UNK has a peaceful quality, the hills roll softly. The UNK of such a landscape has been beautifully described by the Australian Charles UNK He tells of three men who started out on a trip across a single UNK a UNK square owned by a sheep UNK They went UNK with everything except knowledge of the "outback" country. " The countryside looked like a beautiful open park with gentle slopes and soft gray UNK Nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these men. Only there UNK nothing. There might have been a pool of cool water behind any of these UNK only- there was not. It might have UNK any time; only- it did not. There might have been a fence or a house just over the next UNK only- there was not. They UNK with the birds hopping from branch to branch above them and the bright sky UNK down at them. No one UNK The white men died. And countless others like them have died. Even today range riders will come upon UNK bodies of men who attempted nothing more difficult than a UNK hike and slowly lost direction, were tortured by the heat, driven mad by the constant and UNK promise of the UNK and who finally died. The aborigine is not UNK he knows that the land is hard and UNK He knows that the economy of life in the "outback" is UNK There is no room for error or waste. Any organism that UNK or UNK the signals or UNK is done. I do not know if such a way of life can come to be a self-conscious UNK but I suspect that it can. Perhaps this is what gives the aborigine his odd air of dignity. #THE UNK AT THE UNK UNK an aborigine today is a difficult thing. Many of them have drifted into the cities and towns and UNK Others are confined to vast UNK and not only does the Australian government justifiably not wish them to be viewed as exhibits in a UNK but on their reservations they are extremely UNK UNK camps, coming together only for UNK at which their strange culture comes to its highest UNK which is very low indeed. I persuaded an Australian friend who had lived "outback" for years to take me to see some aborigines living in the UNK It was a difficult and ambiguous kind of negotiation, even though the rancher was said to be expert in his knowledge of the aborigines and their language. Finally, however, the arrangements were made and we drove out into the bush in a Land UNK We followed the asphalt road for a few miles and then swung off onto a smaller road which was nothing more than two tire marks on the earth. The rancher went a mile down this road and then, when he reached a big red UNK swung off the road. At once he started to glance toward the instrument panel. It took me a moment to realize what was odd about that UNK there was a UNK compass UNK to it, which rocked gently back and forth as the Land UNK bounced about. The rancher was UNK his way across the UNK "Do you always UNK like this"? I asked. UNK right", he said. "Once I get out on the flat I do. Some UNK that know an area well can make their way by landmarks **h a tree here, a wash here, a UNK there. But if you don't know the place like the palm of your hand, you'd better use a compass and the UNK Two miles UNK then five miles southwest **h that sort of thing. Very UNK He was right. The landscape kept repeating itself. I would try to UNK landmarks and saw in a half-hour that it was UNK Finally we approached the UNK of the UNK They were UNK beside a large UNK UNK a man, his UNK and two children. The sun was not yet high and all of them were in the small area of shade cast by the UNK There was also a dog, a UNK dog. Its UNK showed, it was a yellow nondescript color, it suffered from a variety of UNK hair had UNK off its body in UNK It lay with its head on its UNK and only its eyes moving, watching us carefully. It struck me as a very bright and very UNK dog. No one patted the dog. It was not a UNK It was a worker. "The UNK love UNK the rancher said. "I suppose because it saves them some loss of body water. They'll move around that rock all day, following the UNK During the hottest part of the day, of course, the sun comes straight down and there isn't any UNK We drove close to the UNK stopped the Land UNK and walked over toward the family. The man was leaning against the rock. He gazed away from us as we approached. He was over six feet tall and very UNK His legs were narrow and very long. Every bone and muscle in his body showed, but he did not give the appearance of UNK He had long black hair and a UNK UNK The ridges over his eyes were huge and his UNK were half UNK There was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what. It was not merely that flies were crawling over his face but his narrowed UNK did not UNK when the flies crawled into his eye UNK A fly would crawl down the UNK forehead, into the UNK of the eye, walk along the man's UNK and across the wet surface of the UNK and the eye did not UNK The Australian and I both were wearing insect UNK and were not badly bothered by insects, but my eyes watered as we stood watching the UNK I turned to look at the UNK She remained UNK on her heels all the time we were there; like the man, she was entirely UNK Her long thin arms moved in a slow UNK gesture over the family possessions which were placed in front of her. There were two rubbing sticks for making fire, two stones shaped roughly like UNK a UNK container which held a few pounds of dried worms and the dead body of some UNK There was also a long wooden spear and a UNK a UNK device which gives the spear an enormous velocity and high accuracy. There was also a UNK elaborately UNK Everything was UNK with sweat and grease so that all of the objects seemed to have been carved from the same material and to be UNK The two children, both boys, UNK around the Australian and me for a few moments and then returned to their work. They UNK on their heels with their heads bent far forward, their eyes only a few inches from the ground. They had located the UNK of a colony of ants and as the ants came out of the ground, the boys picked them up, one at a time, and pinched them dead. The tiny bodies, dropped onto a dry UNK made a pile as big as a small UNK The odor here was more powerful than that which surrounded the town UNK The smell at first was more surprising than UNK It was also subtly familiar, for it was the odor of the human body, but multiplied innumerable times because of the fact that the aborigines never UNK UNK impulse is to say that the smell was a UNK and UNK But that is a cliche and a UNK one. The smell is UNK but so UNK so that a civilized nose must deny it. Their skin was covered with a thin coating of sweat and dirt which had almost the consistency of a second UNK They roll at night in ashes to keep warm and their second skin has a light dusty cast to it. In spots such as the UNK and knees the second skin is worn off and I realized the aborigines were much UNK than they UNK as if the coating of UNK dirt, and ashes were a UNK The boys had beautiful dark eyes and unlike their father they brushed constantly at the flies and blinked their eyes. "That smell is something, UNK UNK the Australian asked. "They swear that every person smells different and every family smells different from every other. At the UNK when they get to dancing and UNK you'll see them rubbing up against a man who's supposed to have a specially good smell. UNK here", and he nodded at the man, "is said to have great UNK The UNK is all the same to me, but I really think they can make one another out UNK UNK UNK you UNK like UNK he said sharply. UNK still stared over our shoulders at the horizon. The Australian stopped trying to talk a UNK I could understand, and spoke strange words from deep in his chest. It was a fortunate time in which to UNK for the seventeenth century was a great period in Persian art. The UNK the tile and carpet makers, the UNK painters, UNK and UNK worked through UNK reign and those of his successors to enrich the city. UNK entering from the desert were UNK by what must have seemed an UNK a great garden filled with UNK and UNK cut by UNK and UNK UNK studded with water tanks of turquoise tile in which were reflected the UNK blue curves of a hundred UNK At the heart of all of this was the square, which one such traveler declared to be "as spacious, as pleasant and UNK a Market as any in the UNK In time Isfahan came to be known as UNK the world", Isfahan UNK In the early eighteenth century this fantastic city, then the size of London, started to decline. The UNK UNK the UNK fell from power; the capital went UNK the desert UNK Isfahan became more of a legend than a place, and now it is for many people simply a name to which they attach their notions of old UNK and sometimes of the East. They think of it as a kind of UNK museum in which they may half see and half imagine the old UNK Those who actually get there find that it isn't UNK at all but as brilliant as a tile in UNK But even for them it remains a museum, or perhaps it would be more accurate to say a UNK a tomb in which UNK lies well preserved but indeed dead. Everyone is ready to grant the Persians their history, but almost no one is willing to acknowledge their present. It seems that for UNK and especially for this city, there are only two UNK the glorious past and the UNK UNK sterile present. The one apparent connection between the two is a score of buildings which somehow or other have survived and which naturally enough are called UNK UNK However, just as all the buildings have not fallen and flowed back to their original mud, so the values which wanted them and saw that they were built have not all disappeared. The values and talents which made the tile and the dome, the UNK the poem and the UNK continue in certain social institutions which rise above the ordinary life of this city, as the great buildings rise above blank walls and dirty UNK Often, too, the social institutions are housed in these UNK and palaces and bridges, for these great structures are not simply UNK UNK they are the places where Persians live. The UNK for example, continues to take place on the UNK UNK a UNK garden of plane and UNK trees that now serves as the city's principal street. UNK takes place as well along the terraces and through the UNK of the Khaju bridge, and also in the gardens of the square. On UNK the day when many Persians relax with poetry, talk, and a UNK people do not, it is true, stream into UNK UNK a UNK and garden built by UNK UNK /2, in the seventeenth UNK but they do retire into hundreds of UNK throughout the city and up the river valley, which are smaller, more humble copies of the former. And of course religious life continues to center in the more famous UNK and commercial life- very much a social UNK in the UNK Those three other great activities of the UNK the UNK the UNK and the UNK UNK (the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an UNK pit move through a UNK of UNK dance, chanted poetry, and UNK do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are UNK but some of them occupy splendid examples of Persian domestic UNK long, UNK UNK rooms with UNK of turquoise tile, their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open UNK But more important, and the thing which the casual traveler and the blind UNK often do not see, is that these places and activities are often the settings in which Persians exercise their extraordinary aesthetic UNK UNK air, fruit, poetry, music, the human UNK these things are important to UNK and they experience them with an intense and discriminating UNK I should like, by the way, to make it clear that I am not using the word UNK UNK I don't mean a few UNK who play about with sensations, like a young UNK in a miniature UNK his hand in a pool. These things are important to almost all Persians and perhaps most important to the most UNK The men crying love poems in an UNK on any summer's night are as often as not the UNK UNK toughs who spend most of their lives in and out of the local UNK UNK and UNK A few months ago it was a fairly typical landlord who in the dead of night UNK me up a UNK to drink from a spring famous in the neighborhood for its clarity and flavor. Not long ago an UNK a UNK water rat of a lad up from the UNK of the city, stood on the balcony UNK his first cigarette in weeks. The air, he said, was just right; a cigarette would taste particularly good. I really didn't know what he UNK It was a nice day, granted. But <he> UNK he sniffed the air and licked it on his lip and knew as a UNK knows a UNK The natural world then, plus poetry and some kinds of art, receives from the most ordinary of Persians a great deal of attention. The line of an UNK the color of the skin, a UNK from UNK the purity of spring water, the long afternoon among the boughs which crowd the upper story of a UNK these things are UNK UNK and UNK Nowhere in Isfahan is this rich aesthetic life of the Persians shown so well as during the UNK at the Khaju bridge. There has probably always been a bridge of some sort at the southeastern corner of the city. For one thing, there is a natural belt of rock across the river UNK for another, it was here that one of the old UNK routes came in. It was to provide a safe and spacious crossing for these UNK and also to make a UNK for the city, that UNK UNK /2, in about UNK built, of UNK brick, tile, and UNK the present bridge. It is a splendid structure. From upstream it looks like a long UNK box laid across the UNK from UNK where the water level is much UNK it is a high, elaborately UNK UNK The top story contains more than thirty alcoves separated from each other by UNK of blue and yellow UNK At either end and in the center there are UNK which contain nine greater alcoves as UNK and UNK as church UNK Here, in the old UNK when they had come to see the moon or displays of UNK sat the king and his court while priests, soldiers, and other members of the party UNK in the smaller alcoves between. UNK twenty vaults UNK through the UNK of the bridge. These are traversed by another line of UNK and thus rooms, arched on all four sides, are formed. Down through the axis of the bridge there is a long diminishing UNK like a visual echo of UNK and UNK while the vaults fronting upstream and down frame the sunset and UNK the mountains and river UNK Here, on the hottest day, it is cool beneath the stone and fresh from the water flowing in the UNK at the bottom of the UNK On the UNK or UNK side these vaults give out onto terraces twice as wide as the bridge itself. From the UNK eighteen in all- broad flights of steps UNK into the water or onto still more terraces barely above the level of the river. Out of water, brick, and tile they have made far more than just a bridge. On spring and summer evenings people leave their shops and houses and walk up through the UNK of the city to the bridge. It is a great UNK The bridge itself rises up from the river, UNK and UNK like the outdoor set for an epic opera. UNK press along the UNK down the steps, in and out of the UNK UNK against it as though it were a fortress under UNK All kinds come to walk in the UNK merchants from the bazaar UNK over a UNK a UNK UNK in a cap and UNK UNK UNK who stand with the stillness of the blind, their eyes UNK with UNK and UNK the old UNK UNK arriving in their ancient UNK students, civil UNK UNK musicians, UNK and UNK Families go out to the edge of the terraces to sit on UNK around a UNK UNK people line the steps, as though on bleachers, to watch the sky and river. UNK in the tiled UNK of the UNK boys sing the UNK of UNK and UNK while at the very bottom, in the UNK the toughs and blades of the city UNK and UNK their drums, drink UNK play UNK and dance. Here in an evening Persians enjoy many of the things which are important to them: poetry, water, the moon, a beautiful face. To a stranger their delight in these things may seem UNK for Persians chase the golden UNK as much as any people. Many of them, moreover, are beginning to complain about the UNK of Western UNK and to ridicule the old life of the bazaar merchant, the UNK and the UNK Nonetheless, they take time out- much time- from the game of grab and these new Western experiments to go to the gardens and UNK Above all, they will stop in the middle of anything, anywhere, to hear or quote some poetry. Poetry in Persian life is far more than a common ground on UNK in a society deeply UNK by UNK all may stand. It UNK in fact, their whole outlook on life. And it is expressed, at least to their taste, in a perfect form. Poetry for a Persian is nothing less than truth and beauty. In most Western cultures today these twins have been sent away to the libraries and museums. In UNK where practically speaking there are no museums or libraries or, for that matter, hardly any books, the twins run free. It is perhaps difficult to UNK but imagine that tonight on London bridge the UNK boys of the East UNK will gather to sing UNK UNK Shakespeare, and perhaps some lyrics of their own. That, at any rate, is what happens at the Khaju bridge. Boys and men go along the UNK or to the alcoves in the top UNK Here in these little UNK or stages arched open to the sky and UNK they choose a few lines out of the hundreds they may know and sing them according to one of the modes into which Persian music is UNK Each mode is believed to have a specific UNK one inducing pleasure, another UNK another love, and so on, to include all of the emotions. The singer simply matches the poem to a UNK for example, the mode of UNK to this anonymous folk UNK UNK brought me news that Spring is in the UNK And UNK blood the UNK UNK UNK UNK tell his aged mother that her son UNK with a thousand foes, and he was UNK Or the mode of love to this fragment by a recent UNK UNK UNK fair folk who dwell on earth Or shall hereafter come to birth, That here, with dust upon his eyes, UNK the UNK UNK UNK In this true UNK tomb UNK A world of love lies UNK **h". These songs UNK all Persian music, for that UNK are limited to a range of two UNK Yet within this limitation there is an astonishing UNK design as intricate as that in the carpet or UNK with the melodic line like the painted or woven line often flowing into an UNK <Die UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK the Maestro quoted <The Flying UNK as he told of his career and UNK explaining that the number seven had significantly recurred in his life several times. The music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, William UNK has molded his group into a prominent musical organization, which is his life. When he added to his Pittsburgh commitments the UNK of the London Philharmonic Orchestra in 1958, he conducted one hundred fifty concerts within nine months, UNK between the two cities. This schedule became too UNK even for the energetic and conscientious Mr& UNK His London contract was UNK and now, he explains UNK as a bright smile UNK his intense, mobile face, "I conduct only one hundred and twenty UNK Our meeting took place in May, 1961, during one of the UNK UNK in New York, before he left for Europe. As we began to converse in the UNK of his Fifth Avenue hotel, his UNK and sensitivity to light and sound became immediately apparent. UNK an UNK dark, relatively quiet corner in the airy room otherwise suffused with afternoon UNK he asked if the soft background music could be turned off. Unfortunately, it was UNK which automatically is UNK into the public rooms, and which UNK UNK had to be UNK As he talked about himself, time and again UNK and dragging on his pipe, Steinberg began to relax and the initial hurried feeling grew faint and was dispelled. Did he come from a musical UNK UNK though not professional musicians, they were a UNK family. In his native Cologne, where his mother taught him to play the piano, he was able to read notes before he learned the UNK She even devised a system of colors, whereby the boy could easily distinguish the different note values. When he started school at the age of UNK he could not understand why the UNK begins with the letter ~A, instead of ~C, as in the scale. UNK like many other children, he intensely disliked practicing UNK UNK he composed his own studies. When he was eight he began violin UNK Soon he was playing in the Cologne UNK Orchestra, and during World War /1,, when musicians were UNK he joined the opera orchestra as well. Steinberg claims that these early years of orchestra participation were of UNK help to his career. "By observing the UNK he says with a UNK in his eyes, "I learned how not to conduct". The musician ran away from school when he was fifteen, but this UNK did not save him from the UNK Simultaneously, he pursued his musical studies at the UNK receiving sound training in counterpoint and harmony, as well in the violin and UNK His professional career began when he was twenty; he became UNK UNK personal assistant at the Cologne Opera, and a year later was promoted to the position of regular UNK Wasn't this an unusually young age to fill such a responsible UNK Yes, the Maestro UNK Had he always wished to be a UNK No, originally he had hoped to become a concert pianist and had even performed as such. However, when he assumed the duties of a conductor, he relinquished his career as a pianist. Five years were spent with the Cologne Opera, after which he was called to UNK by Alexander von UNK teacher of Arnold UNK and Erich UNK In 1927 he succeeded UNK as opera director of the German Theater at UNK During his tenure he also fulfilled guest engagements at the Berlin State UNK Two years later he became director of the Frankfurt Opera, where he remained until he lost this position in 1933 through the rise of the Hitler regime. During these years the youthful conductor had contributed greatly to the high level of musical life in Germany. He had presented the first German performances of Puccini's UNK UNK and de UNK <La UNK UNK The Frankfurt years were particularly noteworthy for his performance of UNK UNK soon after the Berlin premiere under Erich UNK and the world premiere of UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK At the outset of his career, Steinberg had dedicated himself to the advancement of contemporary music by UNK to do a UNK work every year. In UNK too, he directed the Museum and Opera House concerts which, in addition to the standard UNK featured novelties like UNK Piano UNK and Mahler's Sixth Symphony. Because of the political UNK in Germany in the UNK Steinberg was forced to restrict his activities to the Jewish community. Through the Frankfurt Jewish <Kulturbund> he began to give UNK UNK in UNK with UNK UNK UNK As more and more Jewish musicians lost their jobs with professional organizations Steinberg united them into the Frankfurt <Kulturbund> Orchestra, which also gave guest performances in other German cities. In UNK he accepted the leadership of the Berlin UNK In the fall of that year the best musicians of the Berlin and Frankfurt <Kulturbund> orchestras joined under the combined efforts of UNK UNK and Steinberg to become the Palestine UNK now known as the Israel Philharmonic UNK with Steinberg as UNK In 1938, at the insistence of UNK UNK Steinberg left Germany for the United States, by way of Switzerland. After he had spent the first three years in New York as associate conductor, at UNK UNK of the ~NBC Orchestra, he made numerous guest appearances throughout the United States and Latin America. In 1945 he became conductor of the Buffalo UNK Seven years later he was asked to become director of the Pittsburgh Symphony. Since 1944 he has also conducted regularly at the San Francisco Opera, where he made his debut with a memorable performance of UNK UNK In recent years he has traveled widely in Europe, conducting in Italy, France, UNK and Switzerland. He returned to Germany for the first time in 1953, where he has since conducted in Cologne, UNK and Berlin. Where in Europe was he going now? First of all, to Italy for a short UNK UNK dei UNK a place he UNK Since it is not far from UNK he will visit Puccini's house, as he never fails to do, to pay his respects to the memory of the composer of <La UNK which he considers one of Puccini's UNK Steinberg spoke with warmth and enthusiasm about UNK UNK is my second home. I consider it the center of the world and make it a point to be there once a year". He will conduct two concerts at the UNK di Santa UNK as well as concerts in Munich and UNK "Then I return to the United States for engagements at the Hollywood UNK and in UNK he added. The forthcoming season in Pittsburgh also promises to be of unusual interest. There will be premieres of new works, made possible through Ford Foundation UNK UNK UNK UNK with UNK UNK as UNK UNK Other world premieres will be UNK UNK Third Symphony and UNK Marx's UNK UNK "And next year we will do- also a Ford UNK a piano concerto by Elliott UNK with UNK UNK as UNK Of course, I shall conduct UNK and Bruckner works in the coming season, as usual. We'll play Bruckner's Fifth Symphony in the original version, and Mahler's UNK the least UNK known, and played of Mahler's works. My UNK have become real UNK to UNK and UNK He added that he also stresses the works of these favorite masters on tour, especially Mahler's First and Fourth UNK and UNK UNK von UNK UNK and Bruckner's UNK which is rarely UNK and Seventh. Bruckner's Eighth he refers to as UNK travel UNK He recalled that in California after a critic had attacked him for UNK trying to sell Bruckner to the UNK the public's response at the next concert was a standing UNK "Now that UNK Walter is virtually in retirement and my dear friend UNK UNK is no longer with us, I am probably the only one- with the possible exception of Leonard UNK who has this special affinity for and champions the works of Bruckner and UNK Since he introduces so much modern music, I could not resist asking how he felt about it. "There was always and at all times a contemporary music and it expresses the era in which it was created. But I usually stick to the old UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK (I hold an office, but I do not feel entitled to have an UNK I consider it to be my job to expose the public to what is being written today". With all his musical activities, did he have the time and inclination to do anything else? He had just paid a brief visit to the UNK UNK to admire his favorite paintings by UNK and UNK UNK He was not enthusiastic over the newly acquired Claude UNK but UNK with pleasure over a UNK exhibit he had been able to see in Paris a year ago. And how did he feel about modern UNK Again Steinberg was cautious and replied with a smile that he was not exposed to it enough to hazard comments. "As my wife puts it", he said, again with a UNK in his eyes, "all you know is your music. But after all, you never learned anything UNK What did he do for UNK Like his late colleague, UNK he reads mystery stories, in particular Sir Arthur UNK UNK He cited UNK and UNK as favorites in literature. But his prime interest, apart from music, he insisted UNK was his family- his wife, daughter and son. At the moment he was excited about his son's having received the UNK de Rome in archaeology and was looking forward to being present this summer at the excavation of an UNK UNK "Both children are musical and my wife is a music lover of UNK instinct and UNK UNK the attitude of German youth comparable to that of "the angry young UNK of UNK was the topic for a UNK discussion at the UNK UNK in UNK I was chairman, the only not youthful UNK Since attack serves to stimulate interest in UNK I added to my opening statement a sentence in which I claimed that German youth seemed to lack the enthusiasm which is a necessary ingredient of anger, and might be classified as UNK and bored rather than angry. I was far from convinced of the truth of my statement, but could not think of anything that might evoke responses more quickly. "It is easy for you to UNK UNK a twenty year old law student, "you travel around the world. We would like to do that UNK "But you want a job guaranteed when you UNK I continued my attack. "You must have some UNK said a young clerk. When I mentioned that for my first long voyage I did not even have the money for the return UNK but had trusted to luck that I would earn a sufficient amount, the young people looked at me UNK One girl expressed what was obviously in their minds. "Would you advise us to act the same way? You might have failed. I think it is rather UNK to trust to UNK Others mentioned that I might have had to ask friends or even strangers for help and that to be stranded in a foreign country without sufficient funds did not contribute to international understanding. The debate needed no additional controversy and soon I could ask each individually what he expected from life, what his hopes were and what his fears. Though the four boys and two girls, the youngest nineteen years of age, the oldest UNK came from varying backgrounds and had different professional and personal interests, there was surprising agreement among them. What they wished for most was UNK what they feared most was war or political instability in their own country. The ideal home, they agreed, would be a small private house or a city apartment of four to five rooms, just enough for a family consisting of husband, wife, and two children. No one wanted a larger family or no children, and none hoped for a UNK or said that living in less settled circumstances would be satisfactory. All expressed interest in world affairs but no one offered to make any sacrifices to satisfy this interest. ## UNK again, as in the days of the Founding UNK America faces a stern test. That test, as President Kennedy UNK depicted it in his State of the Union message, will determine UNK a nation organized and governed such as ours can UNK It is well then that in this hour both of "national UNK and of "national UNK we can take counsel with the men who made the nation. UNK of UNK the Founding Fathers found the crisis of their time to be equally grave, and yet they had confidence that America would UNK it and that a republic of free peoples would prosper and serve as an example to a world aching for liberty. Seven UNK George Washington, Benjamin UNK John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, Alexander Hamilton, James Madison and John UNK determined the UNK of the new nation. In certain respects, their task was incomparably greater than ours today, for there was nobody before them to show them the way. As Madison commented to Jefferson in UNK "We are in a wilderness without a single UNK to guide us. Our successors will have an easier UNK They thought of themselves, to use Jefferson's words, as "the UNK who had lived in "the UNK UNK Accordingly, they took special pains to preserve their papers as essential sources for UNK Their writings assume more than dramatic or patriotic interest because of their conviction that the struggle in which they were involved was neither selfish nor parochial but, rather, as Washington in his last wartime circular reminded his fellow UNK that "with our fate will the destiny of UNK millions be UNK Strong men with strong opinions, frank to the point of being UNK UNK the Founding Seven were essentially congenial minds, and their agreements with each other were more UNK than their differences. Even though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off, enough UNK has already been assembled to warrant drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual feats of winning American independence and founding a new nation. Before merging them into a common profile it is well to remember that their separate careers were UNK Certainly no other seven American statesmen from any later period achieved so much in so concentrated a span of years. UNK of the seven, Benjamin UNK a New UNK UNK to Philadelphia, wrote the most dazzling success story in our history. The young UNK apprentice achieved greatness in a UNK different fields, as editor and UNK scientist, inventor, UNK and statesman. Author of the Albany Plan of Union, which, had it been adopted, might have avoided the Revolution, he fought the UNK UNK battles in London, negotiated the treaty of alliance with France and the peace that ended the war, headed the state government of Pennsylvania, and exercised an important UNK influence at the Federal UNK ## ON a military mission for his native Virginia the youthful George Washington touched off the French and Indian War, then guarded his UNK frontier as head of its UNK UNK the Continental Army for six long years of the Revolution, he was the indispensable factor in the ultimate victory. UNK to his beloved Mount UNK he returned to UNK over the Federal UNK and was the only man in history to be unanimously elected President. During his two terms the Constitution was tested and found UNK strong national policies were UNK and the traditions and powers of the Presidential office firmly UNK John Adams fashioned much of UNK radical ideology, wrote the constitution of his home state of Massachusetts, UNK with Franklin and Jay, the peace with Britain and served as our first Vice President and our second President. ## UNK political opponent and lifetime friend, Thomas Jefferson, achieved immortality through his authorship of the Declaration of Independence, but equally notable were the legal and constitutional reforms he instituted in his native Virginia, his role as father of our territorial system, and his acquisition of the Louisiana UNK during his first term as President. During the greater part of Jefferson's career he enjoyed the close collaboration of a fellow UNK James UNK eight years his UNK The active sponsor of Jefferson's measure for religious liberty in Virginia, Madison played the most influential single role in the drafting of the Constitution and in securing its ratification in Virginia, founded the first political party in American history, and, as Jefferson's Secretary of State and his successor in the UNK guided the nation through the troubled years of our second war with Britain. If Franklin was an authentic genius, then Alexander Hamilton, with his exceptional UNK consuming energy, and high ambition, was a political UNK His revolutionary pamphlets, published when he was only 19, quickly brought him to the attention of the patriot leaders. Principal author of "The UNK he swung New York over from opposition to the Constitution to ratification almost UNK His collaboration with Washington, begun when he was the UNK aide during the Revolution, was resumed when he entered the first Cabinet as Secretary of the Treasury. His bold fiscal program and his broad interpretation of the Constitution stand as durable UNK ## LESS dazzling than Hamilton, less eloquent than Jefferson, John Jay commands an equally high rank among the Founding UNK He served as president of the Continental Congress. He played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with Great Britain that ended the Revolution, and directed America's foreign affairs throughout the UNK period. As first Chief Justice, his strong nationalist opinions anticipated John Marshall. He ended his public career as a UNK governor of New York. These Seven Founders constituted an intellectual and social UNK the most respectable and disinterested leadership any revolution ever UNK Their social status was achieved in some cases by birth, as with Washington, Jefferson and UNK in others by business and professional UNK as with Franklin and Adams, or, in Hamilton's case, by an influential marriage. Unlike so many of the UNK intellectuals in underdeveloped nations of our own day, they commanded both prestige and influence before the Revolution started. As different physically as the tall, angular Jefferson was from the UNK UNK Adams, the seven were striking UNK UNK UNK even UNK they were UNK UNK wrote their own UNK and were masters of UNK ## UNK of enduring UNK they were also UNK UNK who could write with a drop of UNK on their UNK John Adams dismissed John UNK who voted against the Declaration of Independence, as "a certain great fortune and UNK genius". Washington UNK his critic, General UNK as being capable of "all the UNK of intrigue to UNK the absurd resentment of disappointed UNK And Hamilton, who felt it "a religious UNK to oppose Aaron UNK political ambitions, would have been a better UNK risk had he shown more literary restraint. The Seven Founders were completely dedicated to the public service. Madison once remarked: "My life has been so much a public one", a comment which fits the careers of the other six. Franklin retired from editing and publishing at the age of 42, and for the next UNK years devoted himself to public, UNK and philanthropic interests. Washington never had a chance to work for an extended stretch at the occupation he loved best, plantation management. He served as Commander in Chief during the Revolution without compensation. ## JOHN UNK took to heart the advice given him by his legal UNK UNK UNK to UNK the study of the law, rather than the gain of it". In taking account of seventeen years of law practice, Adams concluded that "no lawyer in America ever did so much business as I UNK and "for so little UNK When the Revolution broke out, he, along with Jefferson and Jay, abandoned his career at the bar, with considerable financial sacrifice. Hamilton, poorest of the seven, gave up a brilliant law practice to enter Washington's UNK While he was handling the UNK UNK operations of the Government he had to resort to borrowing small sums from friends. "If you can conveniently let me have twenty UNK he wrote one friend in UNK when he was Secretary of the Treasury. To support his large family Hamilton went back to the law after each spell of public service. UNK passed his New York law office one night on the way to a party. Hamilton was bent over his desk, drafting a legal paper by the light of a UNK The Frenchman was UNK "I have just come from viewing a man who had made the fortune of his country, but now is working all night in order to support his UNK he UNK ## ALL seven combined ardent devotion to the cause of revolution with a profound respect for UNK John Adams asserted in the Continental Congress' Declaration of UNK that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their UNK the British Constitution and the common law, and Jefferson appealed in the Declaration of Independence "to the UNK of the UNK for support of a revolution justified by "the laws of nature and of UNK God". They fought hard, but they were UNK to former foes, and sought to prevent UNK UNK from UNK Tory property in violation of the Treaty of UNK This sense of UNK and fairness is superbly exemplified in an exchange of letters between John Jay and a Tory UNK Peter Van UNK Jay had participated in the decision that UNK his old friend Van UNK Yet when, at war's end, the UNK made the first move to resume correspondence, Jay wrote him from Paris, where he was negotiating the peace UNK "As an independent American I considered all who were not for us, and you amongst the rest, as against us, yet be assured that John Jay never ceased to be the friend of Peter Van UNK The latter in turn assured him that "were I UNK at the bar, and you my judge, I should expect to stand or fall only by the merits of my UNK All seven recognized that independence was but the first step toward building a nation. "We have now a national character to UNK Washington wrote in UNK UNK UNK Hamilton counseled the young nation. This new force, love of country, UNK UNK if not UNK UNK ties to one's own state, was epitomized by Washington. His first inaugural address speaks of UNK country whose voice I can never hear but with UNK and UNK All sought the UNK of that nationalism in a Federal Government with substantial powers. UNK Jefferson, all participated in the framing or ratification of the Federal Constitution. They supported it, not as a perfect instrument, but as the best UNK Historians have traditionally regarded the great debates of the Seventeen UNK as UNK the issues of centralized vs& limited government, with Hamilton and the UNK supporting the former and Jefferson and Madison upholding the latter position. ## THE state's rights position was formulated by Jefferson and Madison in the Kentucky and Virginia UNK but in their later careers as heads of state the two proved themselves better UNK than UNK In purchasing Louisiana, Jefferson had to adopt Hamilton's broad construction of the Constitution, and so did Madison in advocating the UNK of Hamilton's bank, which he had so UNK opposed at its UNK and in adopting a UNK protective UNK Indeed, the old UNK were far more UNK to the UNK Whigs than they were to the UNK Democrats. ## UNK in 1832, the South Carolina UNK adopted the principle of state UNK which Madison had advanced in his old Virginia UNK they elicited no encouragement from that senior statesman. In his political UNK UNK to My UNK penned just before his death, Madison expressed the wish "that the Union of the States be cherished and UNK Let the open enemy to it be regarded as a UNK with her box UNK and the disguised one, as the UNK creeping with his deadly UNK into UNK UNK UNK IS UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Yankee readers of UNK UNK are today informed by proud UNK that Tobacco Road is buried beneath a UNK super highway, over which travel each day UNK businessmen more concerned with the UNK average than with the cotton UNK Thus we are compelled to face the urbanization of the South- an urbanization which, despite its dramatic and overwhelming effects upon the Southern culture, has been utterly ignored by the bulk of Southern writers. Indeed, it seems that only in today's Southern fiction does Tobacco UNK with all the traditional trimmings of UNK and UNK and mint UNK continue to UNK but only as a UNK UNK UNK Those writers known collectively as the UNK UNK have received UNK from even those critics least prone to UNK according to many critics, in fact, the South has led the North in literature since the Civil War, both quantitatively and UNK Such writers as William Faulkner and Robert Penn Warren have led the field of somewhat less important writers in a sort of UNK UNK It is interesting, however, that despite this strong upsurge in Southern writing, almost none of the writers has UNK the firmly entrenched concept of the UNK UNK colonel sipping a mint UNK as he silently recounts the revenue from the season's cotton and tobacco UNK of the stereotyped Negro servants UNK hymns as they plow the UNK of these and a host of other antiquated legends that deny the South its progressive UNK of the past century. This is not to say that the South is no longer UNK such a statement would be the UNK form of UNK But the South is, and has been for the past century, engaged in a UNK urbanization which, UNK enough, is not reflected in its literature. In 1900 the South was only 15% UNK in 1950 it had become UNK UNK In a mere UNK the South has more than tripled its urban status. There is a New South UNK a South losing the UNK traditions of an agrarian society with the rapidity of an UNK especially within recent decades. As the New South UNK toward further UNK it becomes more and more homogeneous with the UNK a tendency which Willard UNK terms UNK as evidenced in such cities as UNK Birmingham, and Houston. It is said that, even at the present stage of Southern UNK such a city as Atlanta is not distinctly unlike Columbus or UNK Undoubtedly even the old Southern stalwart Richmond has felt the new UNK William UNK mentions in his latest novel an avenue named for UNK UNK a Civil War general, now UNK in typical California fashion, UNK UNK UNK The effects of television and other mass media are UNK regional UNK and UNK with a startling force. As for progress, the UNK UNK can boast of UNK UNK which increased its population between 1940 and 1950 by two hundred and UNK UNK to UNK the second largest growth of the period for all cities over UNK The field, then, is ripe for new Southerners to step to the fore and write of this twentieth-century phenomenon, the Southern UNK the new urban economy, the UNK the pains of UNK the labor UNK the list is, obviously, UNK But these sources have not been UNK Truman UNK is still UNK in Southern UNK exaggerating the old Southern legends into something beautiful and grotesque, but as unreal UNK or even UNK unreal UNK yesterday. William UNK while facing the changing economy with a certain uneasy UNK insists he is not to be classified as a Southern writer and yet includes traditional Southern concepts in everything he UNK Even the great god Faulkner, the South's one probable UNK for literary immortality, has little concerned himself with these matters; such are simply not within his bounded UNK Where are the writers to treat these UNK Has the agrarian tradition become such an UNK that the switch to UNK is somehow UNK or UNK Perhaps present writers UNK cling to the older order because they consider it useful and reliable through repeated UNK over the decades. Lacking the pioneer spirit necessary to write of a UNK economy, these writers seem to be UNK themselves with an old one that is now as defunct as Confederate money. An example of the changes which have crept over the Southern region may be seen in the Southern Negro's quest for a position in the UNK society, a problem that has been reflected in regional fiction especially since UNK Today the Negro must discover his role in an UNK South, which indicates that the racial aspect of the Southern dilemma hasn't changed radically, but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context, this new coat of paint. The Negro faces as much, if not more, difficulty in fitting himself into an urban economy as he did in an agrarian one. This represents a gradual change in an ever-present social problem. But there have been abrupt changes as UNK the UNK the picket lines, the bus UNK all of these were UNK even ten years ago. Today's evidence, such as the fact that only three Southern states UNK Carolina, Alabama and UNK still openly defy integration, would have UNK many of yesterday's Southerners into UNK Other examples of UNK changes that have affected the Negro have been his moving up, row by row, in the UNK his UNK and often UNK higher wages, better working conditions, better schools- changes that were slowly emerging even before the Supreme Court decision of 1954. Then came this decision, which sped the process of gaining equality (or perhaps UNK it; only historical evolution will determine UNK an UNK change. Since 1954 the Negro's desire for social justice has led to an UNK UNK UNK He has frequently refused to move from white lunch UNK refused to obey <local> laws which he considers UNK while in other cases he has appealed to UNK laws. This bold UNK after decades of humble UNK is indeed a twentieth-century phenomenon, an abrupt change in the Southern way of existence. A new order is thrusting itself into being. A new South is emerging after the UNK years of hesitation, UNK and lack of action from the Negro in defining his new role in the UNK defined UNK organizations of the white man. The modern Negro has not made a decisive debut into Southern fiction. It is clear that, while most writers enjoy UNK the Negro as a UNK humble old agrarian who UNK UNK and UNK UNK with UNK UNK to his white employer (or, in Old South terms, UNK this stereotype is doomed to become in reality as obsolete as UNK UNK While there may still be many UNK UNK UNK scattered through the rural South, such men appear to be a UNK breed. Writers openly admit that the Negro is easier to write than the white man; but they obviously mean by this, not a Negro personality, but a Negro UNK UNK an individualized Negro character, it would seem, is one of the most difficult assignments a Southern writer could UNK and the success of such an endeavor is, as suggested above, UNK UNK Just as the Negro situation points up the gradual and abrupt changes affecting Southern life, it also points up the UNK of UNK in Southern literature. The book concerned with the Negro's role in an urban society is rare UNK recently only UNK UNK novel, UNK UNK has openly faced the problem. All but the most UNK of Confederate flag UNK admit that the Old Southern tradition is defunct in actuality and sigh that its passing was accompanied by the disappearance of many genteel and aristocratic traditions of the UNK UNK ante-bellum way of life. Many earlier writers, mourning the demise of the old order, tended to UNK and exaggerate this UNK Old UNK UNK creating such lasting impressions as Margaret UNK UNK plantation. Modern writers, who are supposed to keep their fingers firmly upon the pulse of their subjects, insist upon drawing out this legend, UNK its UNK when it well deserves a rest after the UNK of the past century. Perhaps these writers have been too deeply moved by this UNK but they can hardly deny that, exaggerated or not, the old panorama is dead. As John T& UNK says in his article, UNK of Southern UNK UNK Review>, Winter UNK "**h The UNK UNK where an Old South, already too UNK UNK in prose and poetry, should be left to rest in peace, forever dead and UNK us UNK UNK forever done UNK UNK further UNK the Southern writers' creation of an unreal image of their UNK which is too readily UNK by both foreign readers and visiting UNK "Our UNK is suspicious of all this UNK evidence [of UNK presented to his senses. It UNK and UNK him. He is too deeply steeped in William Faulkner and Robert Penn Warren. The fumes of progress are in his nose and the bright steel of industry towers before his eyes, but his heart is away in UNK County with UNK UNK and night UNK On this trip to the South he UNK above all else, to UNK the UNK of UNK UNK and to see at least one barn burn at UNK Obviously, such a Northern UNK purpose is somewhat akin to a child's experience with UNK he UNK to see a world of UNK In the meantime, while the South has been undergoing this UNK modernization that is so disappointing to the curious UNK Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their region's progress. Willard UNK in his new book <American Writing in the Twentieth UNK UNK quite UNK it UNK "**h Certain subjects are conspicuously absent or have been only lightly UNK No southern novelist has done for Atlanta or Birmingham what UNK UNK and Farrell did for Chicago or UNK UNK did for New York **h There are almost no fictional treatments of the industrialized UNK Not a single Southern author, major or minor, has made the urban problems of an urban South his primary source material. Faulkner, for one, appears to be safe from the accusing fingers of all UNK in this regard. Faulkner culminates the Southern legend perhaps more UNK than it has ever been, or could ever be, done. He has made it UNK and his it remains, UNK He treats it with a UNK universal UNK As his disciples UNK even though his emphasis is elsewhere, Faulkner does show his awareness of the changing order of the South quite UNK as can be proven by a quick recalling of his Sartoris and Snopes families. Even two decades ago in UNK UNK UNK Faulkner was looking to the more urban future with a UNK of hope that through its youth and its new way of life the South might be UNK and the curse of slavery UNK from its soil. Yet his concern even here is with a slowly changing socio-economic order in general, and he never deals with such specific aspects of this change as the urban and industrial impact. Faulkner UNK in his vast and UNK saga of UNK County, the gradual changes which UNK into the South, building layer upon layer of minute, subtle innovation which eventually tend largely to hide the Old UNK Thus Faulkner reminds us, and UNK that the UNK South has gradually evolved out of the Old South, and consequently its agrarian roots UNK Yet he presents a realm of source material which may well serve other writers if not himself: the problems with which a New South must UNK in groping through a blind adolescence into the maturity of UNK With new mechanization the modern farmer must perform the work of six men: a machine stands between the agrarian and his soil. The thousands of city UNK who desert the farms yearly must UNK with even greater stress and UNK the sacred wilderness is gradually surrendering to suburbs and research parks and industrial areas. Another element to concern the choreographer is that of the visual devices of the theatre. Most avant-garde UNK true to their interest in the UNK of pure movement, have tended to dress their dancers in simple lines and solid colors UNK UNK and to give them a bare UNK for a setting. But Robert UNK the UNK artist, has collaborated with several of them. He has designed a matching UNK and costumes of points of color on white for Mr& UNK UNK so that dancers and background merge into a UNK unity. For Mr& UNK UNK and UNK he made some UNK tents that alternately hide and reveal the UNK and a girl's cape lined with grass. Mr& Nikolais has made a distinctive contribution to the arts of costume and UNK In fact, he calls his productions UNK works of motion, shape, light, and sound. To raise the dancer out of his personal, pedestrian self, Mr& Nikolais has experimented with relating him to a larger, environmental orbit. He began with UNK to make the dancer identify himself with the creature he appeared to be. He went on to use UNK hoops, poles, UNK which he employed as extensions of the body of the dancer, who moved with them. The UNK continued as the dancer was further UNK by the play of lights upon his figure. In each case, the object, the color, even the percussive sounds of the electronic score were designed to become part of the theatrical being of the UNK The dancer who never UNK her hold on a UNK begins to feel that it is part of herself. Or, UNK from head to toe in fabric stretched over a series of hoops, the UNK may well lose his sense of self in being a UNK As the dancer is UNK his UNK are UNK and the combined elements give birth to a new being. From this being come new movement ideas that utilize dancer and property as a single unit. Thus, the avant-garde UNK have extended the scope of materials available for dance composition. But, since they have rejected both narrative and emotional UNK how are they to UNK the impressive array of materials at their UNK Some look deliberately to devices used by UNK in the other arts and apply corresponding methods to their own work. UNK less consciously but quite probably influenced by the trends of the times, experiment with approaches that parallel those of the contemporary poet, painter, and musician. An approach that has appealed to some UNK is reminiscent of Charles UNK statement of the process of UNK UNK "one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further UNK The creator trusts his intuition to lead him along a path that has internal validity because it mirrors the reality of his experience. He UNK external UNK conventional UNK traditional UNK The unit of form is determined UNK "the UNK by the way of the UNK to the UNK The test of form is fidelity to the experience, a gauge also accepted by the abstract UNK UNK An earlier but still influential school of painting, UNK had suggested the way of dealing with the dream experience, that event in which seemingly UNK objects are linked together through the curious associations of the UNK The resulting picture might appear a maze of restless confusions and UNK but it is more true to life than a portrait of an artificially contrived order. The contemporary painter tends to UNK not the concrete objects of his experience but their UNK as revealed in abstractions of their lines, colors, UNK and UNK He is still concerned, however, with a personal event. He accepts the accidents of his UNK because they provide evidence of the vitality of the experience of creation. The work must be true to both the physical and the spiritual character of the experience. Some painters have less interest in the experience of the moment, with its attendant UNK and UNK than in looking beyond the flux of particular impressions to a higher, more serene level of truth. Rather than putting their trust in UNK sensations they seek form in the stable relationships of pure design, which symbolize an order more real than the disorder of the perceptual world. The concept remains UNK But in this approach it is the artist's ultimate insight, rather than his immediate impressions, that gives form to the work. Others look to more objective devices of order. The musician employing the serial technique of composition establishes a mathematical system of UNK that, once set in motion, determines the sequence of UNK and even of rhythms and UNK The composer may reverse or UNK the order of his original set of intervals (or rhythms or dynamic UNK He may even alter the pattern by applying a scheme of random numbers. But he cannot order his elements by will, either rational or inspired. The system works as an impersonal mechanism. UNK who use the chance method also exclude subjective control of formal development. Again, the composer must select his own materials. But a UNK of coins, with perhaps the added safeguard of reference to the UNK of the <I UNK the Chinese Book of UNK dictates the handling of the chosen materials. UNK UNK seeking new forms of continuity for their new vocabulary of movements, have turned to similar UNK Some let dances take their form from the experience of creation. According to Katherine UNK "the UNK the process of UNK is the UNK The process UNK that the choreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the UNK of the quality that is to follow it. The sequence may involve a sharp UNK for example, a quiet UNK sway of the body succeeded by a violent UNK or it may involve more subtle UNK the sway may be gradually minimized or UNK its rhythmic emphasis may be slightly UNK or it may be transferred to become a movement of only the arms or the head. Even the least alteration will change the quality. An exploration of these possible relationships constitutes the process of creation and thereby gives form to the dance. The approach to the UNK of the experience of creation may be analytic, as it is for Miss UNK or spontaneous, as it is for UNK UNK UNK too, is concerned with "the UNK the process of UNK but she does not think in terms of subtle variations of spatial or temporal patterns. The design is determined UNK "I must reach into myself for the spring that will send me UNK UNK into the chaos of event with which the dance confronts me". Looking back, Miss UNK feels that her ideas may have been influenced by those of Jackson UNK At one time she felt impelled to make dances that UNK all over the UNK much as UNK paintings move violently over the full extent of the UNK But her conscious need was to break away from UNK patterns of form, a need to let the experience shape itself. UNK UNK also believes in subjective continuity that begins with the feeling engendered by an initial movement. It may be a free UNK swing of the leg, leading to a UNK swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking off from the ground. This became a dance called UNK to UNK A UNK quality of free UNK and a building from turns close to the ground towards UNK into the air gives the work its central focus. UNK Nikolais objects to art as an UNK of personal emotion. He seeks to make his dancers more UNK by relating them to the impersonal elements of shape, light color, and sound. If his dancers are sometimes made to look as if they might be creatures from Mars, this is consistent with his intention of placing them in the orbit of another world, a world in which they are freed of their pedestrian UNK It is through the UNK dancer that the germ of form is discovered. In his recognition of his impersonal self the dancer moves, and this self, in the UNK revealed stroke of its UNK states the theme from which all else must follow. The theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes UNK It may be a reaction to a percussive sound, the following movements constituting further reactions. It may establish the relation of the figure of the dancer to light and color, in which case changes in the light or color will set off a UNK of visual designs. UNK with the practical function of his actions, the dancer is UNK exclusively in their UNK UNK UNK UNK freely because they are uninhibited by emotional bias or UNK drive. But the UNK must come first. Though he is also concerned with freeing dance from pedestrian modes of activity, UNK Cunningham has selected a very different method for achieving his aim. He rejects all subjectively motivated UNK any line of action related to the concept of cause and effect. He bases his approach on the belief that anything can follow anything. An order can be UNK rather than chosen, and this approach produces an experience that is "free and discovered rather than bound and UNK Thus, there is UNK not only in the individual movements of the dance but in the shape of their continuity as well. UNK he finds, enables him to create "a world beyond UNK He cites with pleasure the comment of a lady, who exclaimed after a UNK "Why, it's extremely UNK But I would never have thought of it myself". The sequence of movements in a Cunningham dance is unlike any sequence to be seen in life. At one side of the stage a dancer UNK UNK nearby, another sits UNK while still another is UNK an UNK A man and a girl happen to UNK they look straight at the audience, not at each other. He UNK her, puts her down, and walks off, neither pleased nor UNK as if nothing had happened. If one dancer UNK another, the victim may do a UNK sit down, or offer his UNK a fork and UNK UNK occur without apparent reason. Their consequences are UNK or there are no consequences at all. The sequence is determined by UNK and Mr& Cunningham makes use of any one of several chance devices. He may toss UNK he may take slips of paper from a grab bag. The answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design, special slips designating the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed. The other variables include the dancer who is to perform the movement and the length of time he is to take in its performance. The only factors that are personally set by the choreographer are the movements themselves, the number of the dancers, and the approximate total duration of the dance. The UNK is important, because even after the order of the work has been established by the chance method, the result is not UNK Each performance may be different. If a work is divided into several large UNK a UNK drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance. And any sequence can not only change its positions in the work but can even be eliminated from it altogether. Mr& Cunningham tries not to UNK the chance UNK he UNK to its dictates as faithfully as he can. However, there is always the possibility that chance will make demands the dancers find impossible to UNK Then the choreographer must UNK He must UNK matters so that two performers do not bump into each other. He must construct transitions so that a dancer who is told to lie prone one second and to leap wildly the next will have some physical preparation for the UNK THE UNK AND THE UNK were in greater agreement on sovereignty, through all their dispute about it, than were the Founding UNK The truth in their conflicting concepts was UNK by statesmen of the UNK of Webster and UNK and defended in the end by leaders of the UNK of Lincoln and Lee. The people everywhere had grown meanwhile in devotion to basic democratic principles, in understanding of and belief in the federal balance, and in love of their Union. Repeated UNK beginning with the Missouri UNK of UNK were made by such master moderates as Clay and Douglas to resolve the difference UNK by compromise, rather than clear thought and timely action. Even so, confusion in this period gained such strength (from compromise and other UNK that it led to the UNK war of the Nineteenth century. Nothing can show more than this the UNK of the danger to democratic peoples that lies in even relatively slight deviation from their true concept of UNK The present issue in UNK whether to transform an alliance of sovereign nations into a federal union of sovereign citizens- resembles the American one of UNK rather than the one that was resolved by Civil War. And so I would only touch upon it now UNK as I have long wanted to write a book about UNK I think it is essential, however, to pinpoint here the difference between the two concepts of sovereignty that went to war in UNK if only to see better how imperative is our need today to clarify completely our far worse confusion on this subject. The difference came down to this: The Southern States insisted that the United States was, in last analysis, what its name UNK a Union of States. To their leaders the Constitution was a compact made by the people of sovereign states, who therefore retained the right to secede from it. This right of the State, its UNK contended, was essential to maintain the federal balance and protect the liberty of the people from the danger of UNK power in the Union government. The champions of the Union maintained that the Constitution had formed, UNK the united people of America, that it was a compact among sovereign citizens rather than states, and that therefore the states had no right to UNK though the citizens could. Writing to UNK on August 24, UNK Lincoln made the latter point clear. In homely terms whose UNK is startling today, he thus declared his own right to secede. " We began by declaring that <all men are created UNK We now practically read it, <all men are created equal except UNK When the UNK get control, it will read, UNK men are created equal except UNK and foreigners and Catholics. When it comes to this, I shall prefer UNK to some country where they make no pretence of loving UNK to Russia, for instance, where UNK can be taken pure, without the base UNK of UNK UNK UNK When the Southern States exercised their UNK to UNK they formed what they officially styled "The Confederate States of America". UNK as we have seen, still cite this government, along with the UNK of UNK of UNK as an example of a UNK The fact is that the Southern Confederacy differed from the earlier one almost as much as the Federal Constitution did. The Confederate Constitution UNK much of the Federal Constitution UNK and most of the rest in substance. It operated on, by and for the people individually just as did the Federal Constitution. It made substantially the same division of power between the central and state governments, and among the UNK legislative and judicial branches. #THE UNK UNK UNK AND FEDERAL UNK IN UNK Many UNK and UNK that the great difference between the Constitution of the Southern Confederacy and the Federal Constitution was that the former recognized the right of each state to secede. But though each of its members had asserted this right against the Union, the final Constitution which the Confederacy signed on March UNK nearly a month before hostilities UNK included no explicit provision authorizing a state to secede. Its UNK discussed this vital point but left it out of their Constitution. Their President, Jefferson Davis, interpreted their Constitution to mean that it UNK of no UNK UNK but this UNK so doubtful that "there were frequent demands that the right to secede be put into the UNK The Constitution of the Southern UNK differed from that of the Federal Union only in two important UNK It openly, UNK recognized UNK an institution which the Southerners of UNK even though they continued it, found so impossible to reconcile with freedom that they carefully avoided mentioning the word in the Federal Constitution. They recognized that slavery was a moral issue and not merely an economic interest, and that to recognize it explicitly in their Constitution would be in explosive contradiction to the concept of sovereignty they had set forth in the Declaration of UNK that "all men are created UNK that they are endowed by their Creator with certain UNK rights, that among them are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness **h". The other important difference between the two UNK was that the President of the Confederacy held office for six UNK of UNK years, and was limited to one term. These are not, however, differences in federal structure. The only important differences from that standpoint, between the two UNK lies in their UNK The one of UNK made clear that in making their government the people were acting through their states, whereas the UNK of UNK expressed, as clearly as language can, the opposite UNK that they were acting directly as citizens. Here are the two UNK UNK UNK UNK "we the People of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic UNK provide for the common UNK promote the general Welfare, and secure the UNK of Liberty to ourselves and our UNK do UNK and establish this Constitution for the United States of America". UNK UNK UNK "We the people of the Confederate States, each state acting in its sovereign and independent character, in order to form a permanent federal government, establish justice, insure domestic UNK and secure the UNK of liberty to ourselves and our UNK invoking the favor and the guidance of Almighty UNK do UNK and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America". One is tempted to say that, on the difference between the concepts of sovereignty in these two UNK the worst war of the Nineteenth century was UNK But though the Southern States, when drafting a constitution to unite themselves, narrowed the difference to this fine point by omitting to assert the right to UNK the fact remained that by UNK from the Union they had already acted on the concept that it was composed primarily of sovereign states. If the Union conceded this to them, the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to UNK This would destroy the federal balance between it and the states, and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union. Lincoln saw that the act of UNK made the issue for the Union a vital one: Whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live, or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to UNK or UNK Much as he UNK slavery, Lincoln was always willing to concede to each UNK state" the right to decide independently whether to continue or end it. Though his election was interpreted by many Southerners as the forerunner of a dangerous shift in the federal balance in favor of the Union, Lincoln himself proposed no such change in the rights the Constitution gave the states. After the war began, he long refused to permit emancipation of the slaves by Union action even in the Border States that stayed with the Union. He issued his Emancipation UNK only when he felt that necessity left him no other way to save the Union. In his UNK of December 2, UNK he put his purpose and his policy in these words- which I would call the Lincoln Law of UNK UNK giving freedom to the UNK we assure freedom to the UNK What Lincoln could not concede was that the states rather than the people were sovereign in the Union. He fought to the end to preserve it as a UNK of the people, by the people, for the people". #THE UNK ON UNK UNK UNK IN THE UNK UNK The fact that the Americans who upheld the sovereignty of their states did this in order to keep many of their people more securely in UNK the antithesis of individual UNK made the conflict UNK and the greater. Out of this ordeal the citizen emerged, in the South as in the North, as America's true UNK in "a new birth of UNK as Lincoln UNK But before this came about, UNK Americans had given their lives in battle for the two concepts of the sovereign rights of men and of states. On their decisive battlefield Lincoln did not distinguish between them when he paid tribute to the UNK men, living and dead, who fought here". He understood that both sides were at fault, and he reached the height of saying so explicitly in his Second UNK To my knowledge, Lincoln remains the only UNK of State and UNK who, while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt, proved man enough to say this UNK to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error, and in all our error, some truth. So great a man could not but understand, too, that the thing that moves men to sacrifice their lives is not the error of their thought, which their opponents see and attack, but the truth which the latter do not see- any more than they see the error which UNK the truth they themselves UNK It is much less difficult now than in Lincoln's day to see that on both sides sovereign Americans had given their lives in the Civil War to maintain the balance between the powers they had delegated to the States and to their Union. They differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the UNK but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental UNK That individual life, liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the UNK and on the limitation of sovereignty, in all its aspects, which this UNK The UNK Americans who gave "the last full measure of UNK to prevent UNK preserved individual freedom in the United States from the dangers of UNK inherent in UNK which throughout history have proved fatal in the end to all associations composed primarily of sovereign states, and to the liberties of their people. But the fact that UNK other Americans gave the same measure of devotion to an opposing concept served UNK in other essential ways. Its appeal from UNK to bullets at Fort UNK ended by costing the Southerners their right to have UNK a right that was even less compatible with the sovereignty of man. The very fact that they came so near to winning by the wrong method, war, led directly to their losing both the war and the wrong thing they fought for, since it forced Lincoln to free their slaves as a military measure. There was a divine justice in one wrong thus UNK another. There was also a lesson, one that has served ever since to keep Americans, in their conflicts with one another, from turning from the ballot to the UNK Yet though the Southern States lost the worst errors in their case, they did not lose the truth they fought for. The lives so many of them UNK to forestall what they believed would be a fatal encroachment by the Union on the powers reserved to their states have continued ever since to safeguard all Americans against UNK other UNK As cells UNK into UNK they built new UNK and internally controlled UNK to cope even more successfully with the UNK properties of the external world. The useful suggestion of Professor David UNK which considers culture as a third stage in biological evolution fits quite beautifully then with our suggestion that science has provided us with a rather successful technique for building protective artificial UNK One wonders about its UNK to people. Will advances in human sciences help us build social structures and governments which will enable us to cope with people as effectively as the primitive combination of protein and UNK acid built a structure of molecules which enabled it to adapt to a sea of molecular UNK The answer is of course UNK For the family is the simplest example of just such a unit, composed of people, which gives us both some immunity from, and a way of dealing with, other people. Social invention did not have to await social theory any more than use of the warmth of a fire had to await UNK or the UNK protection of a boat the formulations of UNK But it has been during the last two centuries, during the scientific revolution, that our independence from the physical environment has made the most rapid UNK We have ample light when the sun UNK the temperature of our homes is independent of the UNK we fly through the air, although gravity pulls us down; the range of our voice ignores distance. At what stage are social sciences UNK Is the future of psychology akin to the rich future of physics at the time of UNK There is a UNK resemblance between the notion of cause in Copernicus and in UNK And it is certainly no slight to either of them to compare both their achievements and their impact. Political theoretical understanding, although almost at a UNK during this century, did develop during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, and resulted in a flood of UNK which increased the possibility for man to UNK with man. UNK government, popular vote, trial by jury, public education, labor UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK world courts, and the veto power in world councils are but a few examples. Most of these, with horrible exceptions, were conceived as is a ship, not as an attempt to UNK the ocean of mankind, nor to deny its force, but as a means to survive and enjoy it. The most effective political UNK seem to make maximum use of natural UNK and are aware that restraining UNK can play only a minor part in the whole scheme. Just as present technology had to await the explanations of physics, so one might expect that social invention will follow growing sociological understanding. We are desperately in the need of such UNK for man is still very much at the mercy of man. In fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day by day increasing our fear of each other. #/3,# I want, therefore, to discuss a second and quite different fruit of science, the connection between scientific understanding and fear. There are certainly large areas of understanding in the human sciences which in themselves and even without political invention can help to UNK our present fears. UNK has remarked: "The reason why all UNK are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no UNK cause, and these they attribute to the will of God". Perhaps things were even worse then. It is difficult to reconstruct the primeval fears of man. We get some clue from a few UNK of childhood and from the circumstance that we are probably not much more afraid of people now than man ever was. We are not now afraid of atomic bombs in the same way that people once feared UNK The bombs are as harmless as an automobile in a UNK We are worried about what people may do with them- that some crazy fool may UNK the UNK I am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears, but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand out quite clearly. They are in general those fears that once seemed to have been amenable to prayer or UNK They include both individual fears and collective ones. They arise in situations in which one believes that what happens depends not only on the external world, but also on the precise pattern of behavior of the individual or group. Often it is recognized that all the details of the pattern may not be essential to the outcome but, because the pattern was empirically determined and not developed through theoretical understanding, one is never quite certain which behavior elements are effective, and the whole pattern becomes UNK Yet often fear persists because, even with the most rigid ritual, one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous execution one had been unaware of the really decisive act. To say that science had reduced many such fears merely UNK the obvious and frequent statement that science eliminated much of magic and UNK But a somewhat more detailed analysis of this process may be UNK The frequently postulated antique worry that the daylight hours might UNK to complete darkness apparently gave rise to a ritual and celebration which we still UNK It is curious that even centuries of repetition of the yearly cycle did not induce a sufficient degree of confidence to allow people to abandon the ceremonies of the winter UNK This and other fears of the solar system have disappeared gradually, first, with the Ptolemaic system and its built-in concept of UNK and then, more firmly, with the UNK innovation of an universal force that could account quantitatively for both UNK and celestial motions. This understanding provides a very simple example of the fact that one can eliminate fear without UNK any controls. In fact, although we have dispelled the fear, we have not necessarily assured ourselves that there are no UNK There is still the remote possibility of UNK UNK A meteor could fall on San Francisco. UNK activities could presumably bring long periods of flood or UNK Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which, in this case, amounts to doing nothing. Yet we no longer feel uneasy. This almost trivial example is nevertheless UNK for there are some elements in common between the antique fear that the days would get shorter and shorter and our present fear of war. We, in our country, think of war as an external threat which, if it occurs, will not be primarily of our own doing. And yet we obviously also believe that the avoidance of the disaster depends in some obscure or at least uncertain way on the details of how we UNK What elements of our behavior are UNK Our weapons production, our world prestige, our ideas of democracy, our actions of trust or UNK or secrecy or UNK We have UNK off a war and, since our behavior has involved all these elements, we can only keep adding to our ritual without daring to abandon any part of it, since we have not the slightest notion which parts are effective. I think that we are here also talking of the kind of fear that a young boy has for a group of boys who are approaching at night along the streets of a large city. If an automobile were approaching him, he would know what was required of him, even though he might not be able to act quickly enough. With the group of boys it is different. He does not know whether to look up or look aside, to put his hands in his pockets or to UNK them at his side, to cross the street, or to continue on the same side. When confronted with a drunk or an insane person I have no notion of what any one of them might do to me or to himself or to others. I believe that what I do has some effect on his actions and I have learned, in a way, to commune with UNK but certainly my actions seem to resemble more nearly the performance of a rain dance than the carrying out of an experiment in UNK I am usually filled with an uneasiness that through some UNK slip all hell may break UNK Our inability to explain why certain people are fond of us frequently UNK the same kind of ritual and malaise. We are UNK in our behavior towards others, to adopt empirically successful patterns in UNK because we have such a minimal understanding of their essential elements. Our collective policies, group and national, are similarly based on UNK but here we often lack even the empirically successful rituals and are still engaged in UNK them. We use terms from our personal experience with individuals such as UNK UNK and "get UNK We talk about national character in the same way that Copernicus talked of the UNK of celestial bodies to move in circles. We perform elaborate international UNK and ceremonies with virtually no understanding of social cause and effect. Small wonder, then, that we fear. The achievements which dispelled our fears of the UNK took place three centuries ago. What additional roles has the scientific understanding of the 19th and 20th centuries UNK In the physical sciences, these achievements concern electricity, chemistry, and atomic UNK In the life sciences, there has been an enormous increase in our understanding of disease, in the mechanisms of UNK and in UNK and physiological chemistry. The major effect of these advances appears to lie in the part they have played in the industrial revolution and in the tools which scientific understanding has given us to build and manipulate a more protective environment. In addition, our way of dealing directly with natural phenomena has also changed. Even in domains where detailed and predictive understanding is still UNK but where some explanations are possible, as with lightning and weather and UNK the appropriate kind of human action has been more adequately indicated. Apparently the population as a whole eventually UNK enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears. How and why this process occurs would provide an interesting separate subject for study. In some areas, the progress is slower than in others. In agriculture, for example, despite the advances in biology, elaborate rituals tend to persist along with a continued sense of the UNK of some natural disaster. In child care, the opposite extreme UNK procedures change rapidly and UNK confidence probably exceeds anything UNK by established psychological theory. There are many domains in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite appropriate reduction in ritual and fear. Much of the former extreme uneasiness associated with visions and UNK and with death has disappeared. The persistent horror of having a malformed child has, I believe, been reduced, not because we have gained any control over this misfortune, but precisely because we have learned that we have so little control over it. In fact, the recent warnings about the use of UNK have introduced fears and ambiguities of action which now require more detailed understanding, and thus in this instance, science has UNK UNK our fears. In fact, insofar as science generates any fear, it stems not so much from scientific UNK and gadgets but from the fact that new UNK questions arise, which, until they are UNK create UNK Perhaps the most illuminating example of the reduction of fear through understanding is derived from our increased knowledge of the nature of disease. The situation with regard to our attitude and UNK of disease contains close analogies to problems confronting us with respect to people. The fear of disease was formerly very much the kind of fear I have tried to UNK ## Nothing like UNK he arrived before the hour. His letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday, and I came into the UNK as the clock struck UNK He was waiting. My wish to meet Samuel Beckett had been prompted by simple curiosity and interest in his work. American newspaper UNK like to call his plays UNK They find deep pessimism in them. Even so UNK a UNK as Harold UNK of <The UNK has said that "Waiting for Godot" is "the concentrate **h of the contemporary European **h mood of UNK But to me Beckett's writing had seemed permeated with love for human beings and with a kind of humor that I could reconcile neither with despair nor with UNK Could it be that my own eyes and ears had deceived me? Is his a literature of defeat, irrelevant to the social crises we UNK Or is it relevant because it teaches us something useful to know about UNK I knew that a conversation with the author would not settle such questions, because a man is not the same as his UNK in the last analysis, the questions had to be settled by the work itself. Nevertheless I was UNK My curiosity was UNK a day or two before the interview by a conversation I had with a well-informed teacher of literature, a Jesuit father, at a conference on religious drama near Paris. When Beckett's name came into the discussion, the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett UNK life". That, I thought, is at least one thing I can find out when we meet. ## Beckett's appearance is UNK Irish. The features of his face are UNK but not fine. They look as if they had been sculptured with an UNK UNK UNK hair goes straight up from his forehead, standing so high that the top falls gently over, as if to show that it really is hair and not UNK One might say it combines the man; own pride and UNK For he has the pride that comes of UNK and the UNK perhaps of the same UNK not to impose himself upon another. His light blue eyes, set deep within the face, are actively and continually UNK He seems, by some unconscious division of labor, to have given them that one function and no other, leaving communication to the rest of the face. The mouth frequently breaks into a disarming smile. The voice is light in UNK with a rough edge that corresponds to his UNK The Irish accent is, as one would expect, combined with slight UNK from the French. His UNK suit was a UNK gray and green. He wore a brown knit sports UNK with no tie. We walked down the Rue de UNK thence along beside the UNK and across to a sidewalk cafe opposite that church. The conversation that UNK may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called UNK For one thing, the world that Beckett sees is already UNK His talk turns to what he calls "the UNK or sometimes UNK UNK UNK I reconstruct his sentences from notes made immediately after our conversation. What appears here is shorter than what he actually said but very close to his own words. "The confusion is not my UNK We cannot listen to a conversation for five minutes without being acutely aware of the confusion. It is all around us and our only chance now is to let it in. The only chance of UNK is to open our eyes and see the mess. It is not a mess you can make sense of". I suggested that one must let it in because it is the truth, but Beckett did not take to the word truth. "What is more true than anything else? To swim is true, and to sink is true. One is not more true than the other. One cannot speak UNK of being, one must speak only of the mess. When UNK and UNK speak of a contrast between being and existence, they may be right, I don't know, but their language is too philosophical for me. I am not a UNK One can only speak of what is in front of him, and that now is simply the UNK Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form. Until recently, art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things. It has held them at UNK It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form. "How could the mess be UNK because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to UNK But now we can keep it out no longer, because we have come into a time when "it UNK our experience at every moment. It is there and it must be allowed in". I granted this might be so, but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously. And why not? How, I asked, could chaos be admitted to UNK Would not that be the end of thinking and the end of UNK If we look at recent art we find it preoccupied with form. Beckett's own work is an example. UNK more highly UNK than "Waiting for UNK UNK and UNK Last UNK would be hard to find. "What I am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art. It only means that there will be new form, and that this form will be of such a type that it UNK the chaos and does not try to say that the chaos is really something else. The form and the chaos remain UNK The latter is not reduced to the former. That is why the form itself becomes a UNK because it exists as a problem separate from the material it UNK To find a form that UNK the mess, that is the task of the artist now". Yet, I UNK could not similar things be said about the art of the UNK Is it not characteristic of the greatest art that it confronts us with something we cannot UNK demanding that the viewer respond to it in his own UNK way? What is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic UNK Isn't all art UNK "Not UNK he said, and UNK toward the UNK The classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of UNK dominated all the scene where we UNK The Boulevard de la UNK the Boulevard UNK and the Rue UNK ran to it with graceful UNK bearing UNK of the Age of UNK "Not this. This is clear. This does not allow the mystery to invade us. With classical art, all is UNK But it is different at UNK There is the UNK and there art raises questions that it does not attempt to UNK I asked about the battle between life and death in his plays. UNK and UNK hover on the edge of UNK UNK world is death and UNK may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside. Is this UNK question a part of the UNK UNK If life and death did not both present themselves to us, there would be no UNK If there were only darkness, all would be clear. It is because there is not only darkness but also light that our situation becomes UNK Take UNK doctrine of grace given and grace UNK have you pondered the dramatic qualities in this UNK Two thieves are UNK with Christ, one saved and the other UNK How can we make sense of this UNK In classical drama, such problems do not arise. The destiny of UNK UNK is sealed from the UNK she will proceed into the dark. As she goes, she herself will be UNK At the beginning of the play she has partial illumination and at the end she has complete UNK but there has been no question but that she moves toward the dark. That is the play. Within this notion clarity is possible, but for us who are neither Greek nor UNK there is not such clarity. The question would also be removed if we believed in the UNK total salvation. But where we have both dark and light we have also the UNK The key word in my plays is UNK ## Given a theological lead, I asked what he thinks about those who find a religious significance to his plays. "Well, really there is none at all. I have no religious feeling. Once I had a religious emotion. It was at my first UNK No more. My mother was deeply religious. So was my brother. He knelt down at his bed as long as he could UNK My father had UNK The family was Protestant, but for me it was only UNK and I let it go. My brother and mother got no value from their religion when they died. At the moment of crisis it had no more depth than an UNK tie. Irish Catholicism is not attractive, but it is UNK When you pass a church on an Irish bus, all the hands UNK in the sign of the cross. One day the dogs of Ireland will do that too and perhaps also the UNK But do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal UNK "Yes, for they deal with distress. Some people object to this in my writing. At a party an English UNK UNK asked me why I write always about distress. As if it were perverse to do UNK He wanted to know if my father had beaten me or my mother had run away from home to give me an unhappy childhood. I told him no, that I had had a very happy childhood. Then he thought me more perverse than ever. I left the party as soon as possible and got into a UNK On the glass partition between me and the driver were three UNK one asked for help for the blind, another help for UNK and the third for relief for the war UNK One does not have to look for distress. It is screaming at you even in the UNK of UNK UNK was over, and we walked back to the hotel with the light and dark of Paris screaming at us. ## The personal quality of Samuel Beckett is similar to qualities I had found in the plays. He says nothing that compresses experience within a closed pattern. UNK stands in place of UNK At the same time, he is plainly sympathetic, clearly UNK If there were only the mess, all would be clear; but there is also UNK As a Christian, I know I do not stand where Beckett stands, but I do see much of what he UNK As a writer on the UNK I have paid close attention to the plays. Harold UNK is right to say that "Waiting for Godot" is a reflection (he calls it a distorted UNK "of the UNK and UNK of Europe's present politics, UNK and common way of life". Yet it is not only Europe the play refers to. "Waiting for Godot" sells even better in America than in France. The consciousness it mirrors may have come earlier to Europe than to America, but it is the consciousness that most UNK societies arrive at when their successes in technological and economic UNK propel them into a time of examining the UNK ends of culture. America is now joining Europe in this UNK phase of development. Whether any of us remain in it long will depend on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going on in the countries of Asia and Africa, and also of course on how long the cold war remains cold. Even UNK for all his efforts to formulate a naturalistic morality in <The Sun Also UNK and <A UNK to UNK never maintained that sex was all. UNK fiction is supported by a UNK backbone and in its search for ultimate meaning hints at a religious UNK And D& H& Lawrence, in UNK of the UNK protested UNK against the UNK of the sexual UNK Though sex in some form or other enters into all human activity and it was a good thing that Freud emphasized this aspect of human nature, it is fantastic to explain everything in terms of sex. "All is <not> UNK declared UNK Man is not confined to one outlet for his vital energy. The creative UNK for example, transcends the body and the self. But for the beat generation all <is> sex. Nothing is more revealing of the way of life and literary aspirations of this group than their attitude toward sex. For the UNK like the UNK is in opposition to a society that is based on the repression of the sex UNK He has elevated UNK not UNK or UNK but pure, spontaneous, uninhibited UNK to the rank of the UNK it is UNK UNK Venus, UNK UNK Christ, the mysterious and divine UNK energy flowing through the body of the universe. Jazz is sex, marijuana is a stimulus to sex, the beat tempo is adjusted to the UNK release of the sexual UNK Lawrence Lipton, in <The Holy UNK stresses that for the beat generation sex is more than a source of UNK it is a UNK and their private language is rich in the UNK ambiguities of sexual reference so that they dwell in a UNK universe of UNK The singular uncompromising force of their revolt against the cult of restraint is illustrated by their refusal to dance in a public place. The dance is but a disguised ritual for the expression of UNK sexual desire. For this reason, too, their language is more UNK and UNK The beatniks UNK a sexual experience in which their whole being UNK It is therefore not surprising that they resist the lure of marriage and the trap of UNK for like cats they are determined not to UNK their sexual energy. They withdraw to the underground of the slums where they can defy the UNK of UNK UNK Unlike the heroes and UNK of the lost generation, they UNK the art of UNK and UNK That is reserved for the UNK If they avoid the use of the UNK outlawed UNK word it is because it is UNK it is UNK As Lipton, the prophet of the beat generation, UNK "In the sexual act, the beat are filled with UNK the divine power. This is far from the UNK UNK UNK of the middle-class square in UNK This is the Holy UNK these knights of the UNK UNK this is the irresistible cosmic urge to which they UNK If UNK Reich is the Moses who has led them out of the Egypt of sexual slavery, Dylan Thomas is the poet who offers them the UNK dialectic of justification for their indulgence in liquor, marijuana, sex, and jazz. In addition, they have been converted to Zen Buddhism, with its UNK of all that is "natural" and UNK alive, the sense that everything in the world is UNK Thus, paradoxically, the beat writers resort to UNK UNK they are in search of UNK the spiritual, the UNK but not anything connected with formal religion. What they are after is the UNK vision. And Zen Buddhism, though it is extremely difficult to understand how these internal UNK are UNK helps them in their struggle to achieve personal salvation through sexual UNK The style of life chosen by the beat generation, the rhythm and ritual they have adopted as uniquely their own, is designed to enhance the value of the sexual experience. Jazz is good not only because it promotes UNK but because of its decided sexual effect. Jazz is the musical language of sex, the vocabulary of the UNK indeed, it is maintained that the sexual element in jazz, by freeing the listener of his UNK can have therapeutic value. That is why, the argument runs, the squares are so fearful of jazz and yet perversely fascinated by it. Instead of giving themselves spontaneously to the UNK release that jazz can give them, they undergo psychoanalysis or UNK with UNK or turn to UNK for satisfaction. Thus jazz is transmuted into something holy, the sacred road to integration of being. UNK like sex, is a UNK It is not a substitute for sex but a dynamic expression of the creative impulse in unfettered man. The UNK of sex, combined with marijuana and jazz, is intended to provide a design for living. Those who are sexually liberated can become UNK alive and free, their instincts put at the service of the imagination. UNK in their denunciation of all that makes for death, the beat prophets bid all men become cool UNK let them learn to UNK freely, to let go, to become UNK themselves, and then perhaps civilization will be saved. The UNK UNK from a society that is fatally afflicted with a UNK UNK is concerned with his personal salvation in the living present. If he is the child of UNK if he is the UNK victim of an age of atomic wars, then he will consult only his own organic needs and go beyond good and evil. He will not UNK his UNK desires but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive, even if it is only for this brief moment before the UNK of UNK UNK on earth. That is why the members of the beat generation proudly assume the title of the holy UNK they will destroy the UNK UNK museums, and churches of the state that is the UNK enemy of the life they believe in. Apart from the categorical imperative they derive from the metaphysics of the UNK the only affirmation they are capable of making is that art is their only UNK Their writing, born of their experiments in marijuana and untrammeled UNK reflects the UNK of their existential alienation. The mind has betrayed them, reason is the foe of life; they will trust only their physical sensations, the wisdom of the body, the holy UNK of the UNK With lyrical intensity they reveal what they hate, but their faith in love, inspired by the revolutionary rhythms of jazz, culminates in the climax of the UNK Their work mirrors the UNK of the UNK UNK and UNK Their rebellion against authoritarian society is not far removed from the violence of revolt characteristic of the juvenile UNK And the life they lead is undisciplined and for the most part UNK even though they make a UNK of devoting themselves to some creative UNK writing, painting, music. They are UNK on principle. When they express themselves it is UNK hatred that shines forth, the rage of UNK the ecstasy of negation. It is sex that UNK them, sex that is at the basis of their aesthetic creed. What they discuss with UNK seriousness is the degree to which sex can inspire the UNK UNK is the vice from which the UNK fearful middle class continue to suffer, whereas the beatnik has the courage to break out of that prison of UNK One girl describes her past, her succession of broken marriages, the UNK she has had and finally confesses that she loves sex and sees no reason why she must justify her passion. If it is an honest feeling, then why should she not yield to it? UNK UNK she says, UNK the UNK relationship that is UNK There is nothing holy in UNK This girl soon drops the UNK UNK who UNK of her life. She finds married life UNK and every prolonged sex relationship UNK UNK This confession serves to make clear in part what is behind this sexual UNK the UNK for sensation for its own sake, the need for change, for new experiences. UNK is death. In the realm of physical sensations, sex UNK UNK Hence the beatniks sustain themselves on marijuana, jazz, free swinging poetry, UNK themselves in UNK of UNK some of them are driven over the UNK of sanity and lose contact with reality. One beat poet UNK a poem, UNK on a UNK UNK which contains a few happy hints for survival. The new fact the UNK of this cult have to learn is that they must move toward UNK The professed mission of this UNK generation is to find a new way of life which they can express in poetry and fiction, but what they produce is unfortunately UNK nourished solely on the hysteria of negation. Who are the creative representatives of this movement? UNK UNK UNK drug UNK UNK UNK the weak, the frustrated, the UNK the UNK the UNK and UNK of society. They embrace independent poverty, usually with a UNK partner who will help support them. They are full of contempt for the institution of UNK Their previous UNK marriages do not count, for they hold the laws of the state null and void. They feel they are UNK against a UNK UNK world, faced with the concerted UNK opposition of squares and their UNK the police. This is the rhetoric of righteousness the beatniks use in defending their way of life, their search for UNK though their actual existence fails to reach these UNK heights. One beatnik got the woman he was living with so involved in drugs and UNK and UNK sessions of sex that she was beginning to crack up. What UNK had she picked up during these long nights of UNK UNK as the creative principle of the universe, the secret of primitive religion, the life of UNK Everything in the final analysis reduced itself to sexual symbolism. In his chapter on "The UNK of the UNK UNK UNK UNK the reader none of the sordid details. No one asks questions about the free union of the sexes in West UNK so long as the partners share the negative attitudes of the group. The women who come to West UNK having UNK UNK are interested in living only for the moment, in being constantly on the move. Others who are attracted to this UNK of the beat generation are UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK Those who are sexual UNK are naturally drawn to join the UNK Since the UNK widely use marijuana, they do not have to be UNK Part of the ritual of sex is the use of UNK As UNK puts it: "The UNK is felt in the magic circle of marijuana with far greater force, as a unifying principle in human relationships, than at any other time UNK perhaps, in the mutual metaphysical UNK The magic circle is, in fact, a symbol of and preparation for the metaphysical UNK Under the influence of marijuana the beatnik comes alive within and experiences a wonderfully enhanced sense of self as if he had discovered the open UNK to the universe of being. UNK high on this UNK he UNK UNK poetry that UNK the organic rhythms of life in words. If he thus achieves a lyrical, UNK drugged intensity, he pays the price for his indulgence by producing work- Allen UNK UNK is a striking example of this UNK that is UNK UNK but without depth and without UNK control. For drugs are in themselves no royal road to creativity. How is the beat poet to achieve unity of form when he is at the same time engaged in a systematic UNK of senses. If love reflects the nature of man, as UNK UNK UNK believes, if the person in love betrays decisively what he is by his behavior in love, then the writers of the beat generation are creating a new literary UNK _@_ There were fences in the old days when we were children. Across the front of a yard and down the side, they were UNK either UNK along the top or arched in half circles. UNK fences were made of solid boards higher than one's head, but not so high as the golden glow in a corner or the UNK that grew in a line against them. Side fences were hidden beneath UNK and UNK UNK front fences were covered with Virginia UNK or trumpet vines or UNK Square UNK and gate posts were an UNK pattern of UNK UNK they were topped by steeples complete in every UNK high-pitched roof, UNK and narrow UNK On these posts the gates swung open with a UNK and shut with a metallic UNK The only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper UNK of the apple tree. The primary quality of that view seems, now, to have been its UNK but that cannot at the time have impressed us. What one actually remembers is its UNK From high in the tree, the whole block lay within range of the eye, but the ground was almost nowhere visible. One looked down on a sea of leaves, a breaking wave of UNK Every path from back door to barn was covered by a UNK and every yard had its fruit trees. In the center of any open space remaining our UNK had planted UNK and UNK UNK UNK and UNK From above one could only occasionally catch a glimpse of life on the floor of this green UNK a UNK UNK skirt flashing into sight for an instant on the path beneath her UNK or the movement of hands above a UNK and the UNK of garments hung there, UNK down the block. That was one UNK the UNK UNK Another had ended before it began. Time is a UNK thing and memory a UNK the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are UNK of all. From maturity one looks back at the succession of years, counts them and makes them many, yet cannot feel UNK in the number, however large. In a stream that turns a UNK there is a lot of water; the UNK is quiet, its surface dark and UNK and there does not seem to be much water in it. Time in the sum is nothing. And UNK a year to a child is an UNK and in the memory that phase of one's UNK a certain mental UNK will seem to have endured without beginning and without end. The part of the mind that preserves dates and events may UNK "It could have been like that for only a little UNK but true memory does not count nor UNK it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time. Once, UNK for how many years or how few does not matter- my world was bound round by UNK when I was too small to reach the apple tree UNK to twist my knee over it and pull myself up. That world was in scale with my own UNK I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a UNK that I could not see- but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the UNK UNK UNK white UNK beneath a window, with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of UNK ripe UNK lying in long grass, to be turned over by a UNK foot, UNK lest bees still worked in the UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK in the corner between the UNK wall and the side porch, where we passed on our way to the pump with the UNK tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it. It was mother who planted the UNK I think that my grandmother was not an impassioned UNK she was too UNK a lover of dogs and grandchildren. My UNK I have been told, made her garden her great UNK she cherished rare and delicate plants like UNK in tubs and UNK and lemon UNK in UNK that had to be UNK in the UNK she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden UNK in a corner by the UNK and the UNK UNK along the west side of the house. These my grandmother left in their places (they are still there, more persistent and UNK than the generations of UNK and planted others like them, that flourished without careful UNK Three of these only were protected from us by stern UNK the UNK whose UNK might not be collected until they had UNK to be made into perfume or UNK to UNK the UNK whose tight sticky UNK would be UNK by the laying on of a finger, although they were not apparently UNK by the ants that crawled over them; and the UNK I have more than once sat UNK in the grass through a long summer morning and watched without touching while a UNK UNK higher than my head slowly but visibly pushed off its UNK UNK and shook out like a banner in the sun its flaming UNK UNK Other flowers we might gather as we UNK UNK and white UNK from beneath the UNK the UNK themselves, that bloomed so UNK but for the most part beyond our UNK UNK UNK blossoms that, turned upside down, make UNK UNK and the little, dark blue UNK that scattered its seed everywhere. More potent a charm to bring back that time of life than this record of a few pictures and a few remembered facts would be a catalogue of the UNK which are of the very stuff of the mind, UNK because they were known in the beginning not by the eye alone but by the hand that held them. UNK UNK and small creatures, living and dead. UNK yellow UNK that by UNK could be made to UNK UNK of the UNK that snapped like UNK at a UNK UNK UNK whose UNK UNK were picked off and eaten for the honey in them; UNK UNK which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a UNK paper UNK bright flowers from the trumpet UNK that made UNK on the ends of ten UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK with their sensitive UNK struggling grasshoppers held by their long hind legs and commanded to UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK birds, their UNK UNK and the odor of decay that clung to the hand when they had been buried in our graveyard in front of the purple UNK And the cast shell of a UNK UNK and UNK weighing nothing, fragile but UNK with eyes like bubbles and a UNK slit down its back. Every morning early, in the summer, we searched the UNK of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust UNK carefully detached their UNK UNK from the bark where they UNK and UNK them, a weird UNK UNK in an angle between the high roots of the UNK tree, where no grass grew in the dense shade **h. We collected UNK UNK all the UNK translucent UNK worn smooth and round, that we could find in the UNK When these had been UNK we could still spend a morning cracking open other UNK for our delight in seeing how much UNK they were inside than their dull UNK indicated. We showed them to each other and said "Would you have guessed UNK UNK on our haunches beside the flat stone we broke them on, we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the UNK safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the UNK Thus UNK we played many foolish games in comfortable UNK even when the fences became a part of the game- when a UNK UNK was the UNK UNK UNK UNK or when UNK let down her golden hair from beneath the UNK UNK even then we paid little heed to those who went by on the path outside. We enjoyed a UNK freedom when we were still too young for school. In the heat of the summer, the garden UNK were ours UNK our elders stayed in the dark house or sat fanning on the front UNK They never troubled themselves about us while we were UNK because the fence formed such a definite boundary and "Don't go outside the UNK was a command so impossible of UNK We were not, however, entirely UNK with the varying aspects of the street. We were forbidden to swing on the UNK lest they UNK on their UNK in a UNK way, but we could stand on them, when they were UNK rest our UNK on the top, and stare and UNK committing to memory, quite UNK all the details that lay before our eyes. The street that is full now of traffic and parked cars then and for many years UNK on an August afternoon in the shade of the UNK trees, and silence was a weight, almost UNK in the air. Every slight sound that rose against that pressure fell away again, crushed beneath it. A UNK moved slowly along the UNK the top of it swept by the low boughs of the maple trees, and loose straws were left hanging tangled among the UNK A wheel UNK on a UNK was still, and UNK again. If a child watched its progress he whispered, UNK UNK load of UNK make a wish and turn UNK and then stared rigidly in the opposite direction until the sound of the UNK feet returned no more. When the hay wagon had gone, and an interval passed, a UNK cart might turn the corner. The horse walked, the reins were UNK the UNK rode with bowed shoulders, his UNK across his knees. UNK as if UNK to break the silence, he lifted his UNK UNK fresh UNK UNK The UNK UNK was spaced in time like the UNK of a UNK No one seemed to hear him, no one UNK The horse UNK on, and he repeated his call. It became so monotonous as to seem a part of the UNK After his passage, the street was empty again. The sun moved UNK across the sky and down; the UNK shadows circled from street to sidewalk, from sidewalk to UNK At UNK or UNK the coming of the UNK marked the end of the UNK he tossed a paper toward every front door, and UNK came down to their steps to pick them up and read what their neighbors had been doing. The streets of any county town were like this on any UNK afternoon in UNK they were like this UNK years ago, and yesterday. But the fences were still in place UNK years ago, and when we stood on the gate to look over, the sidewalk under our eyes was not cement but two rows of UNK stones with grass between and on both sides. The UNK was a line of stone laid UNK in the dirt and tilted this way and that by UNK in the ground or the roots of trees. UNK every gate was a UNK post or a stone UNK set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse. The street was UNK and rose UNK toward the UNK it was mud in wet weather and dust, UNK in dry, and could be crossed only at the corner where there were stepping UNK It had a UNK atmosphere that it has lost long since. The UNK of cattle and the UNK of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of UNK horses. Cows were kept in UNK UNK boys were hired to drive them to and from the pasture on the edge of town, and familiar to the UNK morning and evening, were the boys' UNK UNK the UNK of UNK and the UNK of a stick on UNK It is worth dwelling in some detail on the crisis of this story, because it brings together a number of characteristic elements and makes of them a curious, UNK compound UNK but centrally significant for Mann's work. The wife, UNK and her lover are both UNK UNK she as UNK UNK UNK and UNK possibly "a mischief UNK with "a kind of luxurious UNK to set against her apparent UNK her UNK UNK UNK for his part, UNK to the present-day race of small artists, who do not demand the utmost of UNK and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as UNK little UNK the devastating indictment "they do not know how to be UNK UNK and in UNK and the somewhat extreme UNK so far not UNK "They will be UNK The trick these two play upon Jacoby reveals their want not simply of decency but of imagination as well. His appearance as UNK evokes not amusement but horror in the audience; it is a spectacle absolutely UNK an UNK of the suffering flesh UNK by spirit, untouched by any spirit other than UNK and UNK At the same time the multiple UNK UNK the fat man as girl and as baby, as UNK pretending to be a UNK touches for a moment UNK upon the secret sources of a life like UNK upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life. The music which UNK has composed for this episode is for the most part UNK pretty and perfectly UNK But it is characteristic of him, we are told, UNK little UNK to be able to introduce UNK a fairly vulgar and humorous piece of UNK a sudden phrase of genuine creative art". And this occurs now, at the refrain of UNK UNK at the point, in fact, of the name UNK a modulation described as UNK a stroke of genius". "A miracle, a UNK it was like a curtain suddenly torn away to reveal something UNK It is this modulation which reveals to Jacoby his own frightful UNK and, simultaneously, his wife's UNK By the same means he perceives this fact as having UNK itself to the audience; he UNK and dies. In the work of every artist, I suppose, there may be found one or more moments which strike the student as absolutely decisive, ultimately UNK of what it is all UNK not less strikingly so for being UNK as though some deeply hidden UNK of thoughts were UNK in a single image, a single moment. So here. The UNK humor, the specifically sexual embarrassment of the joke gone wrong, the monstrous image of the fat man dressed up as a UNK dressing up as a UNK the UNK of that UNK flesh; the bringing together around it of the secret liaison between UNK UNK UNK and sharp, shrewd talent, UNK with an occasional touch of genius UNK however, does not know "how to attack the problem of UNK the miraculous way in which music, revelation and death are associated in a single UNK all this seems a triumph of art, a rather desperate art, in itself; beyond itself, also, it evokes numerous and distant resonances from the entire body of Mann's work. When I try to work out my reasons for feeling that this passage is of critical significance, I come up with the following ideas, which I shall express very briefly here and revert to in a later UNK Love is the crucial dilemma of experience for Mann's heroes. The dramatic construction of his stories characteristically turns on a situation in which someone is simultaneously compelled and forbidden to love. The release, the freedom, involved in loving another is either terribly difficult or else absolutely UNK and the motion toward it brings disaster. This prohibition on love has an especially poignant relation to UNK it is particularly the artist UNK UNK UNK UNK who suffers from it. The specific analogy to the dilemma of love is the problem of the UNK in the realm of art. Again, the sufferings and UNK produced by any UNK against the UNK not to love are almost invariably associated in one way or another with childhood, with the figure of a child. Finally, the theatrical (and perversely UNK notions of dressing up, UNK UNK and especially change of costume (or UNK of UNK as with UNK are characteristically associated with the catastrophes of Mann's stories. We shall return to these statements and deal with them more fully as the evidence for them UNK For the present it is enough to note that in the grotesque figure of UNK at the moment of his UNK all these elements come together in UNK UNK UNK a lawyer, that is to say associated with dignity, UNK discipline, with much that is essentially UNK he is compelled by an impossible love to exhibit himself dressed up, UNK that is, paradoxically, UNK as a child, and, worse, as a UNK UNK as a child. That this abandonment takes place on a stage, during an UNK performance, is enough to associate Jacoby with art, and to bring down upon him the punishment for UNK that is, he is suspect, guilty, UNK as is anyone in Mann's stories who produces UNK and this is true even though the constant elements of the UNK technique, magic, guilt and suffering, are divided in this story between Jacoby and UNK It appears that the dominant tendency of Mann's early tales, however pictorial or even picturesque the surface, is already toward the UNK the UNK the UNK In a certain perfectly definite way, the method and the theme of his stories are one and the same. Something of this can be learned from "The Way to the UNK UNK an anecdote about an old failure whose fit of anger at a passing cyclist causes him to die of a stroke or UNK There is no more UNK than UNK only slightly more, perhaps, than a newspaper account of such an incident would give. The artistic interest, then, lies in what the encounter may be made to UNK in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and UNK The first sentence, with its UNK UNK UNK an UNK UNK "The way to the churchyard ran along beside the highroad, ran beside it all the way to the end; that is to say, to the UNK And the action is consistently presented with regard for this distinction. The highroad, one might say at first, belongs to life, while the way to the churchyard belongs to death. But that is too simple, and won't hold up. As the first sentence suggests, both roads belong to death in the end. But the highroad, according to the description of its traffic, belongs to life as it is lived in UNK of death, while the way to the churchyard belongs to some other sort of life: a suffering form, an existence wholly comprised in the awareness of death. Thus, on the highroad, a troop of soldiers UNK in their own dust and UNK while on the UNK one man walks alone. This man's isolation is not merely UNK it is UNK He is a UNK his three children are dead, he has no one left on UNK also he is a drunk, and has lost his job on that account. His name is Praisegod Piepsam, and he is rather fully described as to his clothing and UNK in a way which relates him to a sinister type in the author's UNK he is a forerunner of those UNK strangers in UNK in UNK for example, who represent some combination of UNK UNK and UNK This strange person UNK with a cyclist because the latter is using the path rather than the UNK The cyclist, a sufficiently commonplace young fellow, is not named but identified simply as UNK that and a license number, which Piepsam uses in addressing him. UNK points out that UNK uses this UNK and starts to ride on. Piepsam tries to stop him by force, receives a push in the chest from UNK and is left standing in UNK and growing UNK while a crowd begins to UNK His rage assumes a religious form; that is, on the basis of his own UNK and abject UNK Piepsam becomes a prophet who in his ecstasy and in the name of God UNK UNK on UNK not only the cyclist now, but the audience, the world, as UNK "all you UNK UNK This passion brings on a fit which proves fatal. Then an UNK comes along, and they drive Praisegod Piepsam away. This is simple enough, but several more points of interest may be mentioned as UNK The season, between spring and summer, belongs to life in its carefree UNK UNK fatal rage arises not only because <he> cannot stop the cyclist, but also because God will not stop him; as Piepsam says to the crowd in his last UNK "His justice is not of this world". Life is further UNK in antithesis to Piepsam, as UNK the image of a dog, which appears at several places, is first given as the criterion of UNK irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a UNK a dog in a wagon is UNK "a pleasure to UNK another wagon has no dog, and therefore is UNK of UNK Piepsam calls the cyclist UNK and UNK among other things, and at the crisis of his fit a little UNK stands before him and UNK into his face. The UNK is drawn by two UNK little horses. Piepsam is not, certainly, religious in any conventional sense. His UNK is UNK or UNK connected with his UNK the two may in fact be UNK His unsuccessful UNK to give up drink are represented as religious UNK he keeps a bottle in a wardrobe at home, and UNK this wardrobe Praisegod Piepsam had before now gone literally on his UNK and in his UNK had UNK his UNK and still in the end UNK The cyclist, by contrast, blond and UNK is simply UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK "He made no claims to belong to the great and mighty of this UNK Piepsam is grotesque, a disturbing UNK his end is ridiculous and UNK He is "a man UNK mad on the way to the UNK But he is more interesting than the others, the ones who come from the UNK to watch him, more interesting than Life considered as a UNK And if I have gone into so much detail about so small a work, that is because it is also so typical a work, representing the UNK form of a conflict which remains essential in Mann's UNK the crude sketch of Piepsam UNK in its critical, destructive and UNK UNK much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of, for instance, UNK and UNK In method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details selected as much for UNK and UNK as for UNK UNK a kind of musical composition, as well as a kind of fictional composition, in which, as UNK says, "there shall be nothing UNK It UNK too, pictures such as UNK and UNK did, in which all that looks at first to be solely pictorial proves on inspection to be also literary, the representation of a UNK for example, or a deadly sin. UNK UNK UNK resembles "The Way to the UNK in its representation of a conflict between light and dark, between UNK and a spirit of criticism, UNK UNK but it goes considerably further in UNK the elements of this conflict. The monk UNK brought over from the Renaissance and placed against the background of Munich at the turn of the century, protests against the luxurious works displayed in the UNK of M& UNK in particular against a UNK portrayed in a UNK style and UNK according to UNK upon the UNK UNK UNK like Piepsam, makes his protest quite in UNK and his rejection, though not UNK is ridiculous and UNK he is simply thrown out of the shop by the UNK On the street outside, UNK UNK a holocaust of the UNK of this world, such a burning of artistic and erotic productions as his UNK actually brought to pass in UNK and UNK he issues his UNK UNK UNK super UNK UNK et UNK The "reality" to which they respond is UNK empty and their art is an imitation of the inescapable UNK of this unknown and empty world. Their artistic rationale is given to the witness of UNK These polar concerns UNK vs& UNK reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time. The breakdown of classical structures of meaning in all UNK of western culture has given rise to several generations of artists who have documented the UNK processes. Thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual UNK and complete UNK in UNK and UNK powers. The image of the world tends to reflect the hostility and indifference of man or else to dissolve into empty spaces and overwhelming UNK The image of God has simply disappeared. All such UNK of negative quality have given rise to a UNK response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic UNK if man can neither know nor love reality as it is, he can at least invent an artistic "reality" which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being UNK The person of the artist becomes a final UNK of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems. Whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination, it will be readily seen that they are not mutually UNK that they belong together. Without the decay of a sense of objective reference (except as the imitation of UNK the stress on subjective invention would never have been stimulated into being. And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a UNK philosophy of art, their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance, new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written. For better or worse we cannot regard "imitation" in the arts in the simple mode of classical UNK or detached realism. A broader concept of imitation is needed, one which UNK that true invention is important, that the artist's creativity in part transcends the UNK causal factors out of which it UNK On the other hand, we cannot regard artistic invention as pure, UNK and unrelated to the times in which it occurs. We need a doctrine of imitation to save us from the UNK and futility of pure UNK Accordingly, it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation (which I shall call UNK in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of UNK and a new theory of invention (which I shall call UNK for reasons to be stated UNK #THE UNK UNK IN THE UNK The word "mimesis" UNK is usually associated with Plato and UNK For UNK "imitation" is twice removed from reality, being a poor copy of physical appearance, which in itself is a poor copy of ideal UNK All artistic and mythological UNK therefore, are UNK of UNK and are completely superseded by the truth value of UNK the proper use of the inquiring intellect. In Plato's judgment, the arts play a meaningful role in society only in the education of the young, prior to the full development of their intellectual powers. UNK in Plato's system is a doctrine of levels of insight, in which a certain kind of detached understanding is alone capable of penetrating to the most UNK wisdom. Aristotle also tended to UNK all aspects of human nature and activity into levels of excellence and, like UNK he put the pure and UNK UNK on the top level. The UNK in UNK that all human arts are UNK of UNK gives a more serious role to artistic mimesis than did UNK But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the UNK what kinds of character and action must be UNK if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human UNK For both Plato and Aristotle artistic UNK in contrast to the power of UNK is relatively incapable of expressing the character of fundamental reality. The central concern of Erich UNK impressive volume called UNK is to describe the shift from a classic theory of imitation UNK upon a recognition of levels of UNK to a Christian theory of imitation in which the levels are UNK Following the theme of UNK in the UNK the Christian artist and critic sees in the most commonplace and ordinary events UNK of divine power and reality. Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose UNK and implications are UNK UNK mimesis under Christian influence records the involvement of all persons, however humble, in a divine drama. The artist, unlike the UNK is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and UNK high levels of UNK He is the conveyor of a sacred reality by which he has been UNK I have chosen to use the word "mimesis" in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which, as in the Christian mind, are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience, which are not UNK as in the Greek mind, only to moments of theoretical reflection. In the first instance, "mimesis" is here used to mean the recalling of experience in terms of vivid images rather than in terms of abstract ideas or conventional UNK By UNK is meant not only a visual presentation, but also remembered sensations of any of the five senses plus the feelings which are immediately conjoined UNK This is the primary function of the imagination operating in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first UNK UNK is the nearest possible thing to the actual UNK of experience, in which the UNK person UNK through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself. The images themselves, like their counterparts in experience, are not neutral qualities to be surveyed UNK they are fields of force UNK a unique influence on the sensibilities and a unique UNK to one another. They bring an UNK component of value within themselves, with attractions and UNK native to their own quality. As in experience one is seized by given entities and their interrelations and is forced to respond in value feelings to them, so one is similarly seized in the UNK presentation of images. UNK here is not to be confused with UNK or realism in the conventional sense. A word taken in its dictionary meaning, a photographic image of a recognizable object, the mere UNK of a UNK tends to lose experiential UNK and to UNK such conventional abstractions as to invite neutral reception without the UNK of value feelings. Similarly experience itself can be UNK so that people react to certain UNK clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field. A truly vivid imagination moves beyond the conventional UNK to a sense of UNK The UNK character of the imaginative consciousness tends to express itself in the presentation of artistic forms and materials. When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and UNK when tones of sound and colors of paint and the UNK shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves, compelling the observer into an attitude of attention, all this UNK the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and UNK for entrance. These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice. The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and UNK valuation even though it is but vaguely understood. UNK these conceptions of mimesis are certain UNK concerning the nature of primary human experience which require some exposition before the main argument can UNK Experience is not seen, as it is in classical UNK as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and UNK their character, movements, and changes on the UNK UNK of an UNK intellect. Neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern UNK in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense UNK Primary feelings of the world come neither as a collection of clearly known objects UNK trees, UNK UNK nor a collection of isolated and neutral sensory qualities. In contrast to all this, primary data are data of a self involved in UNK processes and powers. The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings, both positive and UNK a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into UNK a desire to avoid and repel this or that other part. These desires UNK a sense of UNK UNK powers in which one is involved, some working for one's good, others threatening UNK UNK is the UNK UNK of the mind. In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is UNK The principal UNK of this view of primary experience as UNK UNK is Alfred North UNK Our most elemental and unavoidable impressions, he says, are those of being involved in a large arena of powers which have a longer past than our own, which are interrelated in a vast movement through the present toward the future. We feel the quality of these powers initially as in some degree wholesome or UNK Later UNK and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value, but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience. It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger UNK of power and influence and to view one's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern, devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for UNK Whitehead is here questioning David UNK understanding of the nature of experience; he is UNK also, every UNK which stems from UNK UNK that experience is merely sense data in abstraction from causal UNK and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world, not directly UNK What UNK calls UNK is what Whitehead calls UNK in the mode of UNK UNK which is a sophisticated abstraction from perception in the mode of causal UNK As long as perception is seen as composed only of isolated sense data, most of the quality and UNK of existence loses its UNK becomes an invention of consciousness, and the result is a philosophical UNK Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding, for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail, is initially UNK in the way man feels the world. In this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and UNK A chief characteristic of experience in the mode of causal efficacy is one of UNK from the past. Both I and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am. After only eighteen years of UNK there were already indications of UNK though "in a slight UNK to be sure. There were more indications by the mid-twentieth century. I leave it to the UNK to say what they were, but I noticed several a few years ago, during an automobile ride from UNK to UNK In town after town my companion pointed out the Negro school and the White school, and in every instance the former made a better appearance (it was UNK for one UNK It really looked as if a change of the sort predicted by UNK T& Washington had been going on. But with the renewal of interference in 1954 (as with its beginning in UNK the improvement was UNK For over a hundred years Southerners have felt that the North was picking on them. It's UNK this feeling that one is being picked on, UNK UNK By what right of superior virtue, Southerners ask, do the people of the North do this? The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North, to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue, to UNK the world UNK (as UNK Christopher Newman said to <his> UNK UNK bad I may be, you're not quite the people to say it". In the UNK War years, the South argued that the slave was not less UNK treated than the factory worker of the North. At the present time, the UNK takes the line that there's no more of the true UNK of UNK in the North than in the South. The line is a pretty good one. People talk about "the law of the UNK The expression has become quite a UNK But people can't be made to UNK UNK (the two are UNK by Southern UNK by law. I was having lunch not long ago UNK to N& V& UNK with three distinguished historians (one specializing in the European Middle UNK one in American history, and one in the Far UNK and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with UNK speed, majestic UNK UNK Thompson's words for the Hound of UNK UNK by judicial UNK They didn't seem to be able to think of UNK A Virginia judge a while back cited a Roman UNK to the effect that ten years might be a reasonable length of time for such a change. But I suspect that the old Roman was referring to change made under military UNK the sort of change which UNK was talking about when he said, "They make a UNK and call it UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Moreover, the law of the land is not UNK it can be UNK it has been, many times. Mr& Justice UNK UNK Scott decision in UNK was unpopular in the North, and soon became a dead letter. Prohibition was the law of the land, but it was unpopular UNK many of us UNK took up drinking in prohibition days, drinking was so gay, so UNK especially in the sophisticated UNK and was UNK The cliche loses its UNK virtue in the light of a little history. The Declaration of Independence says that UNK derive their just powers from the consent of the UNK The phrase UNK of the UNK needs a hard look. How do we define it? Is the consent of the governed a numerical UNK UNK dealt with this question in his UNK on UNK To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority, UNK developed his theory of UNK UNK which, he said, "by giving to each portion of the community which may be UNK affected by the action of government, a negative on the others, prevents all partial or local UNK Who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous UNK that regional UNK do not still UNK that the Court order does not UNK affect the Southern UNK Who will deny that in a vast portion of the South the Federal action is UNK with the UNK concept of "the consent of the UNK UNK alter cases. A friend of mine in New Mexico said the Court order had caused no particular trouble out there, that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell. He seemed a little surprised that it should have caused any particular trouble anywhere. I UNK something about a possible difference between New Mexico's history and UNK One can meet with UNK almost UNK the UNK UNK It UNK UNK UNK Southern Liberals UNK are a good UNK especially if they're UNK often exhibit UNK UNK The trouble here is that it's almost too easy to take the high moral ground when it doesn't cost you anything. You've already sent your daughter to Miss UNK select academy for girls and your son to Mr& UNK select academy for boys, and you can be as liberal as you please with strict UNK If there's no suitable academy in your own neighborhood, there's always New England. New England UNK welcome UNK from the UNK South as well as West. They may even enroll a colored student or two for show, though he usually turns out to be from UNK or any place other than the American South. It would be interesting to know how much UNK there is in the UNK fashionable colleges and UNK schools of New England. A recent newspaper report said there were five Negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at UNK that is, about one-half of one per cent, which looks pretty UNK to me, especially in an institution which UNK to be UNK I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally UNK who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith. I leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children, the question of what their best interests really are. I'm talking about the grand manner of the UNK North <and> South- who is not affected UNK If these people were denied a voice UNK they have a moral right to a UNK what voices would be UNK Who is involved UNK UNK Well, after everybody has followed the New England pattern of UNK one's children into private schools, only the poor folks are left. And it is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds, and has always found, the most racial UNK ## A dear, respected friend of mine, who like myself grew up in the South and has spent many years in New England, said to me not long ago: "I can't forgive New England for rejecting all UNK Being a teacher of American literature, I remembered UNK UNK to UNK where he said: "But that one dark UNK burden ye must UNK with alone, And reap the bitter harvest which ye UNK have UNK There is a legend UNK records it in his UNK UNK and one finds it again in Thomas Nelson UNK to the effect that the UNK on its second voyage brought a cargo of Negro slaves. Whether historically a fact or not, the legend has a certain symbolic value. UNK is an embarrassing word. It is something which most of us try to get out from under. Like the cowboy in Stephen UNK "Blue UNK we run around UNK "Well, I didn't do anything, did I"? Robert Penn Warren puts it this way in UNK to UNK "The recognition of complicity is the beginning of UNK where innocence, I think, means about the same thing as UNK A man must be able to say, UNK I have UNK or there is no hope for him. Lincoln understood this better than most when he said in his UNK UNK that God UNK to both North and South this terrible war, as the UNK due to those by whom the offense UNK He also spoke of "the wealth piled by the UNK two hundred and fifty years in UNK UNK Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade. After how many generations is such wealth UNK all the while through the UNK of high UNK purified of UNK It is a question which New Englanders long ago put out of their minds. But didn't they get off too UNK The slaves never shared in <their> UNK while they did share, in a very real sense, in the profits of the UNK they were UNK UNK UNK and so UNK they were the beneficiaries of UNK UNK care. UNK UNK UNK UNK sounded a high UNK note in his UNK UNK delivered in UNK in the Boston Music Hall amidst UNK UNK UNK UNK to the owner and fill the bag to the UNK Who is the UNK The slave is owner, And ever was. UNK UNK It is the UNK the UNK of the pure UNK It ignores the sordid financial aspects UNK UNK too, for his audience, who could indulge in moral indignation without UNK or even conscious, UNK their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic UNK Like UNK they had washed their hands. But can one, UNK Can God be UNK ever, in the long UNK New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence, as Jefferson explained in his UNK " The clause UNK the UNK the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in UNK to South Carolina and Georgia, who had never attempted to restrain the UNK of slaves, and who on the contrary still wished to continue it. Our Northern brethren also I believe felt a little tender under those UNK for though their people had very few slaves themselves, yet they had been pretty considerable carriers of them to others". But that was a long time ago. The New England conscience became UNK George W& Cable UNK New UNK writing in UNK from UNK UNK UNK UNK symbolic UNK UNK continuously the UNK UNK It was nice to be able to isolate it. ## New England, as everyone UNK has long been UNK to the Nation. There one finds concentrated in a comparatively small area the chief universities, colleges, and preparatory schools of the United States. Why should this be so? It is true that New England, more than any other section, was dedicated to education from the start. But I think that something more than this is involved. How did it happen, for example, that the state university, that great symbol of American democracy, failed to UNK in New England as it did in other parts of the country? Isn't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England UNK Connecticut, and Rhode UNK have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past, these institutions having previously been ~A+~M UNK Was it UNK UNK that ~A+~M UNK training, that UNK was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the UNK War period, the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe, to work in the UNK to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the UNK Is it not UNK that Roger UNK state, Rhode Island, should have been the very last of the UNK to establish a state UNK The state universities of Maine, New Hampshire, And Vermont are older and more UNK they had less UNK to contend with. A Yale historian, writing a few years ago in <The Yale Review>, said: "We in New England have long since segregated our children". He was referring not only to the general college situation but more especially to the preparatory schools. And what a UNK of those UNK that fair UNK I don't propose to go into their history, but I have one or two UNK One is that they were established, or gained UNK under pressure provided by these same UNK from whom the old families wished to UNK their children. In the early days of a homogeneous population, the public school was quite satisfactory. UNK THE UNK of the Nobel Prize for UNK more than half are practically unknown to readers of English. Of these there are surely few that would be more UNK discoveries than UNK von UNK the Swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago. Equally a master of prose and UNK he UNK the glory of Sweden in the past and continues it into the present. In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself. Heidenstam was born in 1859, of a prosperous family. On his father's side he was of German descent, on his mother's he came of the old Swedish UNK The family estate was situated near UNK on Lake UNK in south central Sweden. It is a UNK rather UNK region, but full of legendary and historic UNK As a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary, absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of Sweden's ancient glory. He liked to fancy himself as a UNK and to dress for the part. Being somewhat delicate in health, at the age of sixteen he was sent to Southern Europe, for which he at once developed a passion, so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad, at first in Italy, then in UNK Egypt, Asia UNK and UNK In one of his summers at home he married, to the great disapproval of his father, who objected because of his extreme youth. UNK to become a painter, he entered the studio of UNK in Paris, where he enjoyed the life of the artists, but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction. He gives us an account of this in his lively and humorous poem, "The Happy UNK "I scanned the world through printed symbol UNK And through the UNK rags I UNK to see The inner man. I looked UNK With my cold mind and with my burning heart". In this final line, we have the key to his nature. Few writers have better understood their deepest UNK Heidenstam could never be satisfied by surface. It may, however, be noted that his gift for color and imagery must have been greatly stimulated by his stay in Paris. The first result of Heidenstam's long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems, UNK and UNK UNK UNK UNK published in UNK It was a brilliant UNK so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets, as did Byron's UNK UNK Professor UNK UNK Sweden's foremost critic of the period, UNK it as follows: "In this we have the verse of a UNK strongly colorful, plastic, UNK UNK In a bold, sometimes UNK form there is nothing UNK all is seen and felt and UNK the observation is sharp and the imagination lively. The young UNK reproduces the French life of the UNK he tells stories of the UNK and One UNK and UNK up before us the UNK of UNK In the UNK UNK of the East he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence, and for that reason he loves it. And yet amid all the gay UNK in UNK and UNK is a cycle of short poems, UNK in UNK filled with UNK UNK and UNK UNK Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as UNK and UNK which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language. It UNK the unknown architect who designed the temple of UNK at UNK next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence. On the eve of his return to their native UNK he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection. The supreme object of their lives is now UNK says the wife, her husband has achieved immortality. Not so, he answers, it is not the architect but the temple that is UNK "The man's true reputation is his work". The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as UNK in UNK is, as Professor Bo^o^k indicated, in sharp contrast with the others. It consists of fragmentary personal UNK such as "The UNK "There is a spark UNK deep within my soul. To get it out into the UNK glow Is my life's aim both first and last, the whole. It slips away, it burns and UNK me. That little spark is all the wealth I know, That little spark is my life's UNK A dominant motive is the poet's longing for his homeland and its boyhood UNK "Not UNK but the fields where I would UNK The stones where as a child I used to play". He is utterly disappointed in himself and in the UNK life he has been UNK What he really wants is to find "a sacred UNK to which he can honestly devote himself. This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden. His cause was to UNK the glory of her past and to UNK her people to perpetuate it in the present. He did not, however, find himself at once. His next major work, completed in UNK was a long fantastic epic in UNK entitled UNK UNK which Professor Bo^o^k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and UNK youth. The hero, who is himself, is represented as a UNK in the UNK lands of the East, a sort of UNK type, who, to quote from Professor Bo^o^k again, UNK in the pleasure gardens of UNK can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life. He is driven back by his yearning to the UNK homeland of his fathers in the forest of UNK From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self. By the death of his father in UNK he had come into possession of the family estate and had UNK its traditions. He did not, however, settle back into acquiescence with things as they were. Like his friend and contemporary August UNK he had little patience with collective UNK He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow UNK indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory. UNK remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up. Heidenstam's conception, on the contrary, was to revive the present by the memories of the past. ## Whether in prose or poetry, all of Heidenstam's later work was concerned with Sweden. With the first of a group of historical novels, <The Charles Men UNK published in UNK he achieved the masterpiece of his career. In scope and power it can only be compared to UNK UNK and UNK About one-third as long, it is less intimate and UNK but better UNK more UNK and more dramatic. Though it centers around the brilliant and UNK figure of Charles UNK the true hero is not finally the king himself. Hence the title of the book, referring to the soldiers and subjects of the UNK on the fatal battlefield of UNK to quote from the novel, "the wreath he UNK for himself slipped down upon his people". <The Charles UNK consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories, each depicting a special phase of the general subject. Somewhat UNK in interest for an average reader, eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature. They comprise a great variety of scene and UNK grim episodes of war, idyllic UNK superb canvases of UNK events, and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters. The general effect is UNK Almost nothing is said of Charles' spectacular UNK the central theme being the heroic loyalty of the Swedish people to their UNK king in UNK and defeat. To carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale. His peculiar UNK as had been suggested before, is his intensity. George Meredith has said that UNK is the core of style. Of few authors is this more true than of UNK <The Charles UNK has a tremendous range of characters, of common folk even more than of major figures. The career of Charles /12, is obviously very similar to that of UNK His ideal was Alexander of UNK as UNK was Julius UNK His purpose, however, was not to establish an UNK but to assert the principle of divine justice. Each UNK to be a god in human form, but with each it was a different kind of UNK Each failed UNK in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that UNK him. Each is still UNK as a national hero. The first half of <The Charles UNK ending on the climax of the battle of UNK in UNK is more dramatically coherent than the second. After the collapse of that desperate and UNK campaign the character of the king UNK for a time into a futility that was not merely UNK but often ridiculous. Like UNK he was the worst of UNK There are, however, some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part, concerning the reactions of the UNK in UNK Then more than ever before did they show their UNK and patient UNK This comes out in "When the UNK UNK which describes the UNK of the peasants in southern Sweden to repel an invasion by the UNK In "The King's UNK Charles breaks out of a long period of UNK and UNK UNK his old self, UNK from UNK and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years. He finds it in utter misery and UNK All his people ask for is no more war. But he UNK into yet another, this time with UNK and is killed in an assault on the fortress of UNK being only thirty-six years of age when he died. He had become king at UNK Then suddenly there was a tremendous UNK of popular feeling. From being a hated UNK and UNK he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of Sweden. This is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book, "A UNK UNK written in the form of an impassioned prose poem. UNK the procession of UNK and statesmen passes through the snow beside the black water and into the brilliantly lighted UNK the shrine of so many precious UNK The guns are UNK the hymns are sung, and the body of Charles is carried down to the UNK and laid beside the UNK of his UNK As he had longed to be, he became the echo of a UNK Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory. UNK in their way, they lack the wide appeal of <The Charles UNK and need not UNK us here. It is different with his volume <The UNK and Their UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students. UNK written, it is a perfect introduction to Swedish history for readers of other countries. Some of the earlier episodes have touches of the UNK as suited to the legendary background. These are suggestive of UNK UNK Especially touching is the chapter, "The Little UNK about a UNK daughter who became a UNK in the UNK of St& UNK The record UNK with romance and UNK UNK UNK is a superb example, and Charles UNK the UNK of UNK hardly less so. Of UNK UNK and Charles /12, it is unnecessary to speak. Today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases, but his primary function remains what it has always been, to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not. It is from this UNK background that the fictional private detective was UNK ## THE mythological private eye differs from his counterpart in real life in two essential ways. On the one hand, he does not work for a large agency, but is almost always UNK As a UNK UNK the fictional detective is responsible to no one but himself and his UNK For this reason, he appears as an independent and self-reliant figure, whose rugged individualism need not be pressed into the mold of a 9 to 5 routine. On the other hand, the fictional detective does not break strikes or handle divorce UNK no client would ever think of asking him to do such things. Whatever his original assignment, the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime, usually a murder. Operating as a one man police force in fact if not in name, he is at once more independent and more dedicated than the police themselves. He UNK UNK not merely because he is paid to do so UNK he does not receive a fee at UNK but because he enjoys his work, because he firmly believes that murder must be punished. Thus the fictional detective is much more than a simple UNK He is, first and foremost, a UNK of public UNK a servant of society. It is this curious blend of rugged individualism and public service which accounts for the great appeal of the mythological detective. By virtue of his UNK his individualism and his freedom from external UNK the private eye is a perfect embodiment of the middle class conception of liberty, which amounts to doing what you please and let the devil take the UNK At the same time, because the personal code of the detective coincides with the legal dictates of his society, because he likes to catch UNK he is in middle class eyes a UNK man. In this way, the private detective gets the best of two possible UNK He is an UNK but not an UNK he is a public servant but not a UNK In short, the fictional private eye is a specialized version of Adam Smith's ideal UNK the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare. In the mystery story, as in <The UNK of UNK individualism and the social good are two sides of the same UNK UNK ## THERE is only one catch to this idyllic UNK Adam Smith was wrong. Not only did the ideal entrepreneur not produce the greatest good for the greatest number, he ended by destroying himself, by giving birth to monopoly capitalism. The rise of the giant corporations in Western Europe and the United States dates from the period UNK Now, although the roots of the mystery story in serious literature go back as far as UNK Dickens, and UNK it was not until the closing decades of the 19th century that the private detective became an established figure in popular fiction. Sherlock Holmes, the ancestor of all private eyes, was born during the UNK Thus the transformation of Adam Smith's ideal entrepreneur into a mythological detective coincides closely with the decline of the real entrepreneur in economic life. UNK from the UNK by the course of history, our hero UNK himself as a private detective. The birth of the myth UNK for the death of the ideal. Even on the fictional level, however, the UNK which give rise to the mystery story are not fully UNK The individualism and public service of the private detective both stem from his dedication to a personal code of UNK he UNK the law without being told to do so. The private eye is therefore a moral man; but his morality rests upon that of his society. The basic premise of all mystery stories is that the distinction between good and bad coincides with the distinction between legal and UNK Unfortunately, this assumption does not always hold good. As capitalism in the 20th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival, the private detective is placed in a serious dilemma. If he is good, he may not be UNK if he is legal, he may not be good. It is the gradual unfolding and UNK of this contradiction which creates the inner dialectic of the evolution of the mystery story. ## WITH the advent of Sir Arthur UNK UNK Sherlock Holmes, the development of the modern private detective begins. Sherlock Holmes is not merely an UNK he is very close to being a mental case. A brief list of the great detective's little UNK would provide Dr& Freud with ample food for thought. Holmes is addicted to the use of UNK and other refreshing UNK he is prone to UNK UNK induced by the playing of the UNK he is a UNK an incredible UNK a confirmed UNK Holmes rebels against the social conventions of his day not on moral but rather on aesthetic grounds. His UNK begins as a defense against boredom. It was in order to avoid the UNK routine of middle class life that Holmes became a detective in the first place. As he informs UNK "My life is spent in one long effort to escape from the UNK of existence. These little problems help me to do so". Holmes is a public servant, to be UNK but the society which he serves UNK him to tears. The curious relationship between Holmes and Scotland UNK provides an important clue to the deeper significance of his eccentric behavior. Although he is perfectly willing to cooperate with Scotland UNK Holmes has nothing but contempt for the intelligence and UNK of the police. They for their part are convinced that Holmes is too UNK and UNK to make a good detective. Why do the police find Holmes UNK On the face of it, it is because he employs UNK techniques alien to official police routine. Another, more interesting explanation, is hinted at by Watson when he observes on several occasions that Holmes would have made a magnificent criminal. The great detective UNK UNK Watson's insight is verified by the mysterious link between Holmes and his UNK Dr& UNK The two men resemble each other closely in their UNK their UNK their UNK The first series of Sherlock Holmes adventures ends with Holmes and UNK UNK together on the edge of a UNK They are presumed to have plunged to a common grave in this fatal UNK UNK to Holmes even in death, UNK represents the UNK of the great detective, the image of what our hero might have become were he not a public UNK Just as Holmes the eccentric stands behind Holmes the detective, so Holmes the potential criminal UNK behind both. ## IN the modern English UNK this UNK of latent criminality in the detective himself has almost entirely disappeared. UNK UNK and Lord Peter UNK (the respective UNK of UNK UNK and UNK UNK have retained UNK UNK but not his zest for life and eccentric habits. UNK and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people; it is true that they are also extremely dull. Their dedication to the status quo has been affirmed at the expense of the fascinating but dangerous individualism of a Sherlock UNK The latter's real UNK were unable to take root in England; they fled from the Victorian parlor and made their way across the UNK UNK In the American UNK detective story of the UNK and UNK the spirit of the mad genius from Baker Street lives on. Like Holmes, the American private eye rejects the social conventions of his time. But unlike Holmes, he feels his society to be not merely dull but also UNK UNK by crime and violence everywhere, the UNK private eye can retain his purity only through a life of self-imposed isolation. His alienation is far more acute than UNK he is not an eccentric but rather an UNK With Rex UNK Nero Wolfe, alienation is represented on a purely physical plane. Wolfe refuses to ever leave his own house, and spends most of his time drinking beer and playing with UNK More profound and more UNK however, is the moral isolation of Raymond UNK Philip UNK In a society where everything is for sale, UNK is the only man who cannot be UNK His tough honesty condemns him to a solitary and difficult existence. UNK UNK and UNK he UNK the UNK killer through the UNK of high society and low UNK always alone, always UNK In the end, he gets his man, but no one seems to UNK virtue is its own and only UNK A similar tone of underlying futility and despair UNK the spy UNK of Eric UNK and dominates the most famous of all American mystery stories, Dashiell UNK <The Maltese UNK Sam Spade UNK forces with a band of UNK in search of a priceless UNK statue of a UNK but when the bird is found at last, it turns out to be a UNK Now the detective must save his own skin by UNK on the girl he loves, who is also the real UNK For Sam UNK neither crime nor virtue UNK moreover, it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between the two. Because the private eye intends to save society in spite of himself, he invariably finds himself in trouble with the police. The latter are either too stupid to catch the killer or too corrupt to care. In either case, they do not appreciate the private detective's UNK Perry Mason and Hamilton UNK Nero Wolfe and Inspector UNK spend more time fighting each other than they do in looking for the criminal. Frequently enough, the police are themselves in league with the UNK Dashiell UNK UNK UNK provides a classic example of this theme. But even when the police are honest, they do not trust the private eye. He is, like UNK UNK too alienated to be UNK Finally, in <The Maltese UNK among others, the clash between detective and police is carried to its logical UNK Sam Spade becomes the chief murder suspect. In order to UNK himself, he is compelled to find the real UNK who happens to be his girl friend. What was only a vague suspicion in the case of Sherlock Holmes now appears as a direct UNK the private eye is in danger of turning into his UNK ## IT IS the growing contradiction between individualism and public service in the mystery story which creates this fatal dilemma. By upholding his own personal code of behavior, the private detective has placed himself in opposition to a society whose fabric is permeated with crime and corruption. That society responds by condemning the private eye as a threat to the status UNK a potential criminal. If the detective insists upon retaining his personal standards, he must now do so in conscious defiance of his society. He must, in short, cease to be a detective and become a UNK On the other hand, if he wishes to continue in his chosen profession, he must abandon his own code and sacrifice his precious UNK Dashiell UNK resolved this contradiction by UNK to write mystery stories and turning to other UNK His successors have adopted the opposite alternative. In order to save the mystery story, they have converted the private detective into an organization man. The first of two possible variations on this theme is symbolized by Mickey UNK Mike UNK At first glance, this hero seems to be more rather than less of an UNK than any of his UNK For UNK nothing is UNK He kills when he UNK takes his women where he finds them and always acts as judge, jury and UNK rolled into one. It will be shown that the UNK of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of UNK required, because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages UNK in Table 1. Great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the UNK By UNK we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers. As a word of UNK we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types, question, command, statement, or UNK For example, suppose a man wearing a $200 watch, driving a 1959 UNK Royce, stops to ask a man on the sidewalk, "What time is it"? This sentence would have most of the characteristics of a question, but it has some of the characteristics of a statement because the UNK has conveyed the fact that he has no faith in his own UNK or the one attached to his car. If the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question, it has served as an UNK Also, since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer (and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought UNK the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command. However, for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to Table 1. On this basis, certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes. UNK UNK SOME UNK UNK OF UNK _THE UNK UNK Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the UNK desire to get together a number of people who are UNK acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative UNK The party is usually in a room small enough so that all guests are within sight and hearing of one another. The information is furnished by each of the guests, is sent by oral broadcasting over the air waves, and is received by the ears. Since the air is a UNK the network of communication remains intact regardless of the positions or motions of the points (the UNK in the UNK As shown in Figure 1, there is a connection for communication between every pair of points. This, and other UNK make the cocktail party the most complete and most chaotic communication system ever dreamed up. All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted, although UNK and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum, while UNK having UNK UNK are more than customarily encouraged. The UNK of the connections provide that, for ~<N> people, there are **f lines of communication between the pairs, which can become a large number UNK for a party of fifty guests. Looking at the UNK we see that **f connection lines come in to each member. Thus the cocktail party would appear to be the ideal system, but there is one weakness. In spite of the dreams of the host for UNK in the group, the **f incoming messages for each guest UNK his receiving system beyond comprehension if ~<N> exceeds about six. The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six, with a UNK for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes. For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored UNK then the UNK UNK system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door. _THE UNK UNK We consider a rural community as an assemblage of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the UNK land sites necessary for family UNK We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only, as shown in Figure 2. Information beyond nearest neighbor is carried UNK UNK and UNK as a UNK UNK In Figure 2, the points in the network are designated by a letter accompanied by a number. The numbers indicate the number of nearest neighbors. It will be noted that point ~<f> has seven nearest neighbors, ~<h> and ~<e> have six, and ~<p> has only one, while the remaining points have intermediate numbers. In any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors, a point like ~<f> in Figure 2 would UNK things being UNK be the dwelling place for the community leader, while ~<e> and ~<h> would house the next most important citizens. A point like ~<p> gets information directly from ~<n>, but all information beyond ~<n> is indirectly UNK through UNK The UNK at ~<p> is last to hear about a new UNK the UNK to announce to his neighbors his urgent UNK the one who goes the UNK to trade, and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort. Since the hazards of poor communication are so great, ~<p> can be justified as a UNK site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a UNK for milling purposes, a mine, or a sugar maple camp. UNK UNK have given these matters much consideration. UNK UNK The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war. They also furnish proof that, in modern war, message sending must be UNK Without UNK a military UNK becomes a UNK party. The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military UNK Alexander the UNK who used runners as message carriers, did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once. As time has passed and science has progressed, the speed of military vehicles has increased, the range of missiles has been UNK the use of UNK UNK on the UNK has been adopted, and the range and breadth of message sending has increased. Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making, network structure seems to be UNK and without monitoring no network has value. On the parade ground the net may be similar to that shown in Figure 3. The monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence. No questions, statements, or explanations are UNK only UNK UNK go only from an officer to the man of nearest lower rank. The same command is repeated as many times as there are levels in rank from general to UNK All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the UNK Even the officer in charge, be it a captain (for small UNK or a general, is restrained by UNK This is done for simplicity of commands and to bring the hidden UNK up to where misunderstanding has almost zero possibility. The commands are specified by the military UNK are few in number, briefly UNK all different in UNK and are UNK into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground. This monitoring is necessary because, on a parade ground, everyone can hear UNK UNK and without monitoring a confused social event would develop. With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground, it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication. Years ago this was true, but with the replacement of wires or runners by radio and radar (and perhaps UNK these restrictions have disappeared and now again UNK UNK is heard. In contrast to cocktail parties, military organizations, even in the field, are more UNK In the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3, the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior. A military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command. This objective is adhered to throughout the duration of the action. The connective system, or UNK is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective, and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a UNK a college, or a rural village. The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are: (a) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal UNK UNK etc&. (b) A message runs too great a risk of being distorted if it is to be UNK more than about six consecutive times. (c) UNK of a general kind are made by the central command. And (d) all action of a physical kind pertinent to the mission is relegated to the line of men on the lower rank. These assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top, six directly under him, six under each of these, and so on until there are six levels of personnel. The number of people acting as one body by this scheme gives a surprisingly large army of **f UNK men. This organizational network would be of no UNK if there were no regulations pertaining to the types of message UNK Of types of message listed in Table 1, commands and statements are the only ones sent through the vertical network shown in Figure 3. A further regulation is that commands always go UNK unaccompanied by statements, and statements always go UNK unaccompanied by UNK Questions and, particularly, UNK are usually channeled along UNK horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest UNK It will readily be seen that in this suggested network (not materially different from some of the networks in vogue UNK greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice. Furthermore, the network in Figure 3 is only the basic net through which other networks pertaining to logistics and the like are UNK Not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as undersea warfare, where the UNK UNK UNK and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the UNK Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach. _A UNK FOR UNK UNK This is an UNK problem which probably has never been seriously investigated, although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient UNK of the kind who can compete with the Germans or UNK for example, in precision machinery and mathematics, or the UNK in UNK We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough UNK who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes. This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of UNK and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis. Since the difficulty of drawing the net is great, we will merely discuss it. First, we realize that a pure specialist does not exist. But, for practical purposes, we have people who can be considered as such. For example, there are persons who are in physical science, in the field of UNK trained in UNK who use only UNK applying only the powder technique of X-ray UNK to clay minerals only, and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the UNK or persons in the social sciences in the field of UNK studying the lung capacity of seven UNK Indians. So we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he UNK as contrasted to the UNK who knows less and less about more and more. AMERICAN UNK UNK pointed up the relation between the Protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion, which he called the American Democratic UNK Those familiar with his work will remember that he placed the UNK of the democratic faith at around UNK And he describes it as a balanced polarity between the notions of the free individual and what he called the fundamental law. I want to say more about Gabriel's so-called fundamental law. But first I want to quote him on the relationship that he found between religion and politics in this country and what happened to it. He points out that from the time of Jackson on through World War /1,, evangelical Protestantism was a dominant influence in the social and political life of America. He terms this early enthusiasm UNK UNK and concludes that its similarity to democratic beliefs of that day is so great that "the doctrine of liberty seems but a secular version of its counterpart in evangelical UNK Let me quote him even more UNK for his analysis is important to my theme. He says: UNK the Protestant philosophy of UNK as expressed in radical or conservative UNK should be placed the doctrine of the democratic faith which affirmed it to be the duty of the destiny of the United States to assist in the creation of a better world by keeping lighted the beacon of UNK He UNK "In the middle period of the Nineteenth Century it was colored by Christian UNK in the Twentieth Century it was affected by UNK But in every period it has been UNK And let me add, UNK also. Some fourteen or fifteen years ago, in an essay I called <The Leader UNK UNK I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call UNK It seemed to me that the liberals had UNK the balanced polarity and UNK both liberty and the fundamental law in the common man. That is to say Gabriel's fundamental law had been so much modified by this time that it was neither fundamental nor law any more. It is a weakness of Gabriel's analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to UNK And with UNK the Religion of UNK was replacing what UNK called Christian UNK And the common man was developing UNK power, or UNK on his own. During the decade that followed, the common man, as that piece put it, grew uncomfortable as the UNK of God and fled from behind Saint Woodrow UNK only to learn from UNK to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal UNK that there was a chemical formula for him, and that too much couldn't be expected of him. The socialism implicit in the slogan of the Roosevelt Revolution, freedom from want and fear, seems a far cry from the individualism of the First UNK to the Constitution, or of the UNK UNK What had happened to the common UNK French UNK had had only nominal influence in this country before the days of UNK The UNK onrush of UNK after the War for Southern Independence and the general secular drift to the Religion of UNK however, prepared the way for a reception of the French UNK socialistic offspring of one sort of another. The first of which to find important place in our federal government was the graduated income tax under Wilson. UNK the UNK of our economy during the UNK the UNK of the UNK the common ethos of UNK everywhere, all contributed in various ways to the UNK that replaced Mike UNK and the Great UNK with the anonymous UNK of the Little UNK However, it is important to trace the philosophy of the French Revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former. That John UNK philosophy of the social contract UNK the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence, I believe, we generally UNK Yet, after Rousseau had given the UNK UNK a new twist with his notion of the General UNK the same philosophy, it may be said, became the idea source of the French Revolution also. The importance of Rousseau's twist has not always been clear to us, however. This notion of the General Will gave rise to the UNK of Paris in the Revolution and later brought Napoleon to dictatorship. And it is clearly argued by Lord UNK of UNK in his remarkable long essay, <The UNK of UNK and in a more general way by UNK in his <New Science of UNK that this same UNK idea, descending through European democracy, is the source of Marx's theory of the dictatorship of the UNK This is important to understanding the position that UNK liberals found themselves in after World War /2, and our great democratic victory that brought no peace. The long road that had taken liberals in this country into the social religion of democracy, into a worship of man, led logically to the UNK dream of a UNK society under a Socialist State. And the UNK existed as the revolutionary experiment in radical socialism, the ultimate UNK And by the time the war ended, liberal leadership in this country was spiritually UNK We will recall that the still confident liberals of the Truman administration gathered with other Western UNK in San Francisco to set up the legal UNK finally and at last, to rationalize war- to rationalize want and UNK out of the world: the United Nations. We of the UNK world got all set for peace and rehabilitation. Then suddenly we found ourselves in the middle of another fight, an UNK an UNK an UNK and immoral war with our strongest (and some had thought UNK UNK During the next five years the leaders of the Fair Deal UNK backed down from the optimistic expectations of the New UNK During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of UNK and the UNK UNK enforced and UNK only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not UNK the atom bomb. In 1952, it will be remembered, the UNK without positive program campaigned on the popular UNK with liberal leadership and won UNK All of this, I know, is recent history familiar to you. But I have been at some pains to review it as the drama of the common man, to point up what happened to him under Eisenhower's leadership. A UNK journalist, Sam UNK has phrased it in the title of one of his books as THE UNK OF THE UNK He opens his discourse, however, with a review of the Eisenhower inaugural UNK at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents, all UNK to catch some revelation of the emerging new age. The show was colorful, indeed, UNK but the press for all its UNK could detect no note of a fateful rendezvous with destiny. UNK offers his book as an explanation of why there was no UNK And I select this sentence as its pertinent UNK "In essence the drama of his UNK Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and UNK thus far with but limited and precarious UNK to give effective voice and force to that UNK I will assume that we are all aware of the continuing struggle, with its limited and precarious success, toward conservatism. It has moved on various levels, it has been UNK and confused. Obviously there has been no agreement on what American conservatism is, or rather, what it should be. For it was UNK not to say UNK when the struggle began. I saw a piece the other day UNK William UNK author of MAN AND GOD AT UNK and publisher of the UNK Review>, as no conservative at all, but an old UNK I would agree with this view. But I'm not here to define conservatism. What I am here to do is to report on the UNK of the UNK a struggle that amounts to UNK to see if we can predict its future course. One of the obvious conclusions we can make on the basis of the last election, I suppose, is that we, the majority, were dissatisfied with Eisenhower conservatism. UNK to be sure, we gave Kennedy no very positive approval in the margin of his UNK This is, however, symptomatic of our national malaise. But before I try to diagnose it, I would offer other evidence. I will mention two volumes of specific comment on this malaise that appeared last year. The earlier of them was an unofficial enterprise, sponsored by UNK magazine, under the title of <the National UNK The contributors to this testament were all UNK a former Democratic candidate for President, a New Deal poet, the UNK chief editorial writer, two newspaper UNK head of a national broadcasting company, a popular Protestant UNK etc&. What I want to point out here is that all of them are UNK or modified UNK with perhaps one UNK I suppose we might classify Billy Graham as an old UNK And I would further note that they all- with one exception again- sang in one key or another the same song. Its refrain was: "Let us return to the individualistic democracy of our UNK for our UNK Adlai Stevenson expressed some reservations about this return. Others invoked technology and common sense. Only Walter UNK envisioned the possibility of our having UNK most of what we used to regard as the program of our national UNK But the most notable thing about the UNK of these UNK was that the one-time UNK of UNK was conspicuously absent. The second specific comment was the report of Eisenhower's Commission on National UNK titled UNK FOR UNK They, perhaps, gave the pitch of their position in the UNK where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the American Assembly of Columbia University, because it was UNK The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the UNK liberal, but not unconscious enough, to invoke the now UNK UNK of socialism. And here again we hear the same refrain mentioned UNK "The paramount goal of the United States **h set long ago **h was to guard the rights of the individual **h ensure his development **h enlarge his UNK This group is UNK and their program tends to be UNK But it is the need to undertake these UNK that I would submit here as symptom of the common man's malaise. And let me add UNK new book as another symptom of it, particularly so in view of the attention TIME magazine gave it when it came out recently. Father Murray goes back to the Declaration of Independence, too, though I may add, with considerably more historical UNK I will reserve discussion of it for a moment, however, to return to President Kennedy. As symptomatic of the common man's UNK he is most significant: a liberal and a Catholic, elected by the skin of his teeth. Does that not suggest to you an uncertain and uneasy, not to say confused, state of the public UNK What is the common man's UNK Let's take a UNK look back over the course we have come. Has not that way been lit always by the lamp of liberalism up until the turning back under UNK And the basic character of that liberalism has been spiritual rather than economic. Ralph UNK gave it the name of Protestant philosophy of UNK But there's a subjective side to that utopian outlook. UNK our society have a UNK UNK growth of technology which may end our civilization, or a normal, healthy UNK Here there may be an analogy with UNK we can detect UNK by their rapidly accelerating growth, UNK only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth. Should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us? Noting such evidence is the first UNK and almost the only UNK is UNK detection and removal. One way to determine whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our society's organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before. So an objective look at our present procedures may move us to consider seriously this possibly analogous situation. In any event, whether society may have cancer, or merely a virus UNK the UNK we shall find, is political, UNK social, and even UNK Have not our physical abilities already deteriorated because of the more UNK lives we are now UNK Hence the prime issue, as I see it, is whether a democratic or free society can master technology for the benefit of mankind, or whether technology will rule and develop its own society compatible with UNK own needs as a force of nature. We are already committed to establishing man's supremacy over nature and everywhere on earth, not merely in the limited UNK context we are fond of today. Otherwise, we go on endlessly trying to draw the line, color and other, as to which kind of man we wish to see UNK We have proved so able to solve technological problems that to contend we cannot realize a universal goal in the immediate future is to be extremely UNK if nothing else. We must believe we have the ability to affect our own UNK otherwise why try UNK So in these pages the term UNK is used to include any and all means which could UNK project, or UNK man's control over himself and over other men. Naturally this includes all communication forms, e&g& languages, or any social, political, economic or religious structures employed for such control. UNK mindful of <all> the cultures in existence today throughout the world, we must employ these resources without war or violent revolution. If we were creating a wholly new society, we could insist that our social, political, economic and philosophic institutions foster rather than hamper man; best growth. But we cannot start off with a clean UNK So we must first analyze our present institutions with respect to the effect of each on man's major needs. Asked which institution most needs UNK I would say the corporation as it exists in America today. At first glance this appears UNK of all people, was not America founded by rugged UNK who established a new way of life still inspiring UNK societies UNK But hear UNK E& UNK former Moscow correspondent of The New York Times, and author of "To UNK And UNK In a book review of "The Soviet Cultural UNK he says, UNK before the State Department organized its bureaucracy into an East-West UNK Staff in order to wage a cultural UNK within Soviet UNK the sharp UNK of American culture had carved its mark across the Russian UNK as when the enterprising UNK of UNK and UNK UNK the State Department to carry the contemporary UNK UNK behind the enemy lines. They were not diplomats or jazz musicians, or even organizers of UNK and UNK displays, but rugged capitalist UNK like Henry Ford, Hugh UNK Thomas Campbell, the International Harvester Co&, and David W& UNK Their kind created an American culture superior to any in the world, an industrial and technological culture which penetrated Russia as it did almost every corner of the earth without a nickel from the Federal UNK or a single governmental specialist to UNK UNK or program a series of UNK of interested agencies. This favorable image of America in the minds of Russian men and women is still there despite years of energetic UNK propaganda **h" UNK UNK UNK Perhaps the public's present attitude toward business stems from the fact that the UNK capitalist UNK no more exists in America. In his stead is a UNK version known as "the UNK But even if we cannot see the repulsive characteristics in this new image of America, foreigners UNK and our loss of UNK abroad is the direct result. No amount of UNK will cover up the sordid facts. If we want respect from ourselves or others, we will have to earn it. First, let us realize that whatever good this UNK achieved in earlier times, now the corporation <per UNK cannot take economic leadership. UNK must develop as a result of the ideas, energies and ambitions of an individual having purpose and comprehensive ability within <one> mind. When we UNK individuals to assume the corporate structure by means of taxes and other legal statutes, we adopted what I would term UNK and so took a major step toward socialism. The biggest loss, of course, was the individual's lessened desire and ability to give his services to the growth of his company and our economy. UNK I UNK has a definite place in our society. But let us not complain of the evils of capitalism by referring to a form that is not truly UNK Some forms of capitalism do indeed work- superb organizations, a credit to any society. But the UNK which dictates our whole economy as well as our politics and social life, will not stand close scrutiny. Its pretense to operate in the public interest is little more than a UNK It serves only its own stockholders and poorly at that. As a creative enterprise, its abilities are primarily in UNK creative enterprises developed outside its own organization UNK ability made possible by us, and almost UNK As to benefits to employees, it is notorious for its UNK disregard except where it depends on them for services. The corporation in America is in reality our form of socialism, UNK in a sense with the other socialistic form that has emerged within governmental UNK But while the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization (so UNK it cannot UNK do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and maintain its status UNK UNK it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism, the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole. So we are faced with a vast network of amorphous entities perpetuating themselves in whatever manner they can, without regard to the needs of society, controlling society and forcing upon it a regime representing only the corporation's needs for survival. The corporation has a limited, specific place in our society. UNK speaking, it should be allowed to operate only where the public has a great stake in the continuity of supply or services, and where the actions of a single proprietor are secondary to the needs of society. Examples are in public utilities, making military aircraft and UNK or where the investment and risk for a proprietorship would be too great for a much needed project impossible to achieve by any means other than the corporate form, e&g& constructing major airports or UNK Thus, if corporations are not to run away with us, they must become UNK institutions, subject to public control and needs. In all other areas, private initiative of the UNK type should be urged to produce the desired goods and services. UNK UNK runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society; and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society UNK Such genuine human leadership the proprietorship can UNK corporations UNK It can project long-range goals for itself. Corporations react violently to UNK UNK UNK UNK quarterly and annual dividend reports. Proprietorships can establish a unity and integrity of UNK corporations, being more UNK UNK Proprietorships can establish a meaningful identity, representing a human personality, and thus establish sincere relationships with customers and community. Corporations are apt by nature to be UNK UNK shortsighted and almost exclusively UNK a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public. The proprietor is able to create a leadership impossible in the corporate structure with its board of directors and stockholders. UNK is lacking in our society because it has no legitimate place to develop. Men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiences of the most varied, complicated and trying type so that at UNK they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so sorely needed now. Hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is deemed essential to the national interest. Proprietorships should get the tax advantages now accruing to corporations, UNK UNK the chance to UNK capital so vital for growth. Corporations should pay added taxes, to be used for educational purposes (not necessarily of the formal UNK The right to leave UNK should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated. To perpetuate wealth control led by small groups of individuals who played no role in its creation prevents those with real initiative from coming to the UNK and is basically UNK When the proprietor UNK the establishment should become a corporation until it is either acquired by another proprietor or the government decides to drop it. UNK should be declared illegal against corporations because UNK would have to be settled by government representatives acting as UNK of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely UNK as they are each a part of the whole. UNK threatening the security of the UNK if internally UNK prevent a healthy relationship. Certainly external forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so. <If we cannot stop warfare in our own economic system, how can we expect to abolish it UNK UNK UNK OF UNK These proposals would go far toward creating the economic atmosphere favoring growth of the individual, who, in turn, would help us to cope with runaway technology. Individual UNK strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition. The battle is not easy. We are tempted to blame others for our problems rather than look them straight in the face and realize they are of our own making and possible of solution only by ourselves with the help of desperately needed, UNK competent leaders. Persons developed in UNK corporations cannot hope to serve UNK a judgment based on experiences of my own in business and in activities outside. In my own company, in effect a partnership, although legally a corporation, I have been able to do many things for my employees which "normal" corporations of comparable size and nature would have been unable to do. Also, I am convinced that if my company were a sole proprietorship instead of a partnership, I would have been even UNK to solve long-range problems for myself and my UNK Any abilities I may have were achieved in their present shape from experience in sharing in the growth and control of my business, coupled with raising my family. This combined experience, on a foundation of very average, I assure you, intelligence and background, has helped me do things many well-informed people would bet heavily UNK Perhaps a list of some of the UNK of my company will help here. The company grew out of efforts by two completely inexperienced men in their late UNK neither having a formal education applicable to, or experience in, manufacturing or selling our type of UNK From an initial investment of UNK in 1943, it has grown, with no additional capital investment, to a present value estimated by some as exceeding UNK UNK don't disclose financial figures to the UNK Its growth continues steadily on a par with past growth; and no limitation is in evidence. Our UNK UNK and UNK nuts achieved dominance in just a few years time, despite UNK well established competition. DURING the last years of Woodrow UNK administration, a red UNK developed in our country. Many Americans reacted UNK to the challenge of Russia and turned to the repression of ideas by force. Postmaster General UNK set about to protect the American people against radical propaganda that might be spread through the UNK Attorney General Palmer made a series of raids that sent more than 4,000 so-called UNK to the UNK in direct violation of their constitutional rights. Then, not many years later, the UNK Activities Committee, under the leadership of Martin UNK UNK hundreds of decent, patriotic citizens. Anyone who tried to remedy some of the most glaring defects in our form of democracy was denounced as a UNK red whose real purpose was the destruction of our government. This hysteria reached its height under the leadership of Senator Joseph UNK UNK of this sort found communist UNK UNK behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped UNK New ideas were dangerous and must be UNK no matter how. Those who would suppress dangerous UNK credit ideas with high UNK They give strict interpretation to William UNK statement that UNK idea that enters the mind tends to express UNK They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new. Hence, the only defensible procedure is to UNK any and every notion, unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe. Despite this danger, however, we are informed on every hand that ideas, not machines, are our finest UNK they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a UNK UNK they are the most valuable of UNK and the most UNK for their demand far exceeds supply. So all-important are ideas, we are told, that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two UNK those who invent new ideas of their own, and those who UNK UNK or UNK from others. UNK with an unrestricted flow of ideas, all will be well, and we are even assured that "an idea a day will keep the sheriff UNK That, however, may also bring the police, if the thinking does not meet with social approval. UNK as well as model citizens, exercise their minds. UNK having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration. Of course, there must be UNK a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones. But clarity is not enough. The writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St& UNK Missouri. An UNK a former university UNK UNK to us, logically and clearly, that someone was UNK his thoughts. He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done. Despite the clarity of his presentation, his idea was not of UNK UNK True, ideas are important, perhaps life's most precious UNK But have we not gone overboard in stressing their UNK Have we not actually developed idea UNK Ideas we must have, and we seek them everywhere. We UNK literature for them; here we find stored the wisdom of great minds. But are all these works worthy of UNK Can they stand rigid UNK Shakespeare's wit and wisdom, his profound insight into human nature, have stood the test of centuries. But was he UNK in all UNK What of his treatment of the Jew in <The Merchant of UNK Shakespeare gives us a vivid picture of UNK but probably he never saw a Jew, unless in some of his UNK The Jews had been banished from England in UNK and were not permitted to return before UNK when Shakespeare had been dead for UNK years. If any had escaped UNK by UNK they certainly would not frequent the UNK Shakespeare did not usually invent the incidents in his plays, but borrowed them from old stories, UNK and plays, wove them together, and then breathed into them his spark of life. Rather than from a UNK study of Jewish people, his UNK of Shylock stems from a collection of Italian stories, UNK UNK published in UNK although written almost two centuries earlier. He could learn at second hand from books, but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit. Harris J& UNK in UNK The UNK From UNK UNK writes: "There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real UNK He took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on UNK The Jew was the safest victim. No Jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater. It would have been unwise policy, for instance, to apply the UNK characterization to the UNK UNK Just as now anyone may UNK UNK at a citizen of Mars, or even of UNK and no UNK investigation will result. Who cares about them! Shakespeare does not tell us that Shylock was an UNK individual. He sets him forth as being typical of the group. He tells of his UNK UNK not a UNK heart; but a Jewish heart. This would make anyone UNK and UNK capable of UNK revenge. There is no justification for such UNK If living Jews were unavailable for study, the Bible was at hand. UNK the Old Testament would have shown the UNK that the ideas attributed to Shylock were UNK to the Jews. Are we better off for having Shakespeare's idea of UNK UNK <The Merchant of UNK in high school and college has given many young people their notions about Jews. Does this help the UNK to understand this UNK Thomas de UNK UNK of the Spanish UNK put many persons to death. His name became synonymous with UNK cruelty. Would we gain by keeping alive his memory and UNK today's Roman Catholics by saying he had a Catholic heart? Let his bones and his memory rest in the fifteenth century where they UNK he is out of place in our times. Shakespeare's UNK too, is of dubious value in the modern world. UNK in and of themselves, are not necessarily the greatest good. A successful businessman recently UNK his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally UNK where they and their theories might UNK together. Will his words come to be UNK and quoted through the UNK Frequently we are given assurance that automatically all ideas will be UNK and UNK and in the end only the good ones will survive. But is that not like going to a chemistry laboratory and blindly pouring out liquids and powders from an array of bottles and then, after UNK expecting a new wonder drug inevitably to UNK What of the efficiency of this natural instrument of free UNK Is there some magic in it that assures UNK When Peter B& UNK UNK of UNK UNK informed us in 1921 that we had an UNK dislike for the UNK did the heated debates of the UNK settle the truth or UNK of the UNK <The UNK UNK came from the pen of Thomas Dixon in UNK and in this he announced an UNK law. If a child had a single drop of Negro blood, he would revert to the ancestral line which, except as slaves under a superior race, had not made one step of progress in 3,000 years. That doctrine has been accepted by many, but has it produced good UNK In the same vein, a certain UNK plot has been UNK The son and heir of a prominent family marries a girl who has UNK shadows on the UNK of her finger nails. In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a UNK child. Is the world better for having this idea thrust upon it? Will argument and debate decide its truth or UNK For answers to such questions we must turn to the UNK the UNK the UNK the psychologists, and the UNK Long ago they UNK the notions of UNK and Dixon to the scrap UNK UNK ideas UNK another sector of our life. For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the UNK The UNK almost without exception, has been presented as a cruel UNK UNK conditioned by this mistaken notion, have feared UNK while adults, by their antagonistic attitudes, have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one. Debate is not likely to resolve the tensions and make the lot of the UNK a happier one. Research, on the other hand, has shown many UNK to be eminently successful, some far better than the real mothers. Helen UNK informed us UNK UNK of UNK UNK /2,, UNK that in all cultures "the term UNK automatically evokes UNK UNK a conclusion accepted by many. Will mere debate on that proposition, even though it be free and UNK remove the dross and leave a residue of refined UNK That is UNK to say the UNK Research into several cultures has proven her position to be a mistaken one. Most assuredly ideas are UNK But ideas, just for the sake of having them, are not enough. In the UNK UNK for the depression literally flooded Washington. For a time the President received hundreds of them every day, most of them UNK Ideas need to be UNK and not merely by argument and UNK When some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer, for instance, we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign. We have recourse to the UNK specialist in the UNK The merits of the UNK UNK UNK were not established on the UNK platform or in newspaper UNK but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children. Our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument. But is the result new UNK of tested knowledge on the basis of which we can with confidence solve our domestic and international UNK Man, we are told, is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad. But what a UNK task it is to UNK anything of value from the UNK arguments used so freely, particularly since such common use is made of cliches and UNK in themselves UNK of intellectual UNK We are UNK however, that freedom of thought and discussion, the unfettered exchange of ideas, is basic under our form of government. UNK in our political campaigns there is freedom to think, to examine any and all issues, and to speak without restraint. No holds are UNK But have the results been UNK May we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest UNK We must not forget, to be sure, that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results. In truth, we can say that this broke the power of Senator Joseph UNK who was finally exposed in full light to the American people. If he had been UNK in some way, he would have become a UNK a UNK point for people who shared his ideas. Debate in the political arena can be productive of good. But it is a UNK and wasteful UNK it can produce negative results but not much that is positive. Debate rid us of UNK but did not give us much that is positive. It did something to clear the ground, but it erected no striking new UNK it did not even provide the UNK plan for anything new. In the field of the natural sciences, scientifically verified data are quite readily available and any discussion can be shortened with good results. In the field of the social sciences a considerable fund of tested knowledge has been accumulated that can be used to good advantage. By no means would we discourage the production of UNK they provide raw materials with which to work; they provide UNK that lead to further production. We would establish no UNK The President's personality would have opened that office to him. And for the first time a representative of the highest office in the land would have been liable to the charge that he had attempted to make it a UNK by UNK It is testimony to the deep respect in which Mr& Eisenhower was held by members of all parties that the moral considerations raised by his approach to the matter were not explicitly to be UNK These began to be apparent in a press conference held during the second illness in order that the consulting specialists might clarify the President's condition for the nation. And if Howard UNK felt impelled thereafter to formulate the ethics of the medical profession, his article in the UNK UNK accomplished a good deal more. It forced us to fix the responsibility for the position in which all medical UNK had been placed. The discussion of professional ethics inevitably reminded us that in the historical perspective the President's decision will finally clarify itself as a moral, rather than a medical, problem. Because the responsibility for UNK the issue lay with the President, rather than with his doctors, nothing raises more surely for us the difficulties simple goodness faces in dealing with complex moral problems under political pressure. For the President had dealt with the matter UNK in what he conceived as the democratic way. But the problem is one which gives us the measure of a man, rather than a group of men, whether a group of doctors, a group of party members assembled at a dinner to give their opinion, or the masses of the voters. Any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the UNK of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have UNK It was a response to the conflict between political pressure and the moral intuition which resulted in attempts at UNK In no other situation would a group of doctors, struggling competently to improve the life expectancy of a man beloved by the world, be subjected to such merciless and persistent UNK and before they were prepared to demonstrate the kind of verbal precision which alone can clarify for mankind the problems it faces. And though we can look back now and see their errors, we can look back also to the ultimate error. It recurred in the press UNK the President's remarks about his running developed a singular tone, one which we find in few statements made by public individuals on such a matter. The press conference became a stage which betrayed the drift of his private thinking, rather than his convictions. He UNK UNK a reporter told us- that it was "not too important for the individual how he ends up". He gave us a UNK to explain his admission that even at the worst period of his second illness it never occurred to him there was any renewed question about his UNK as in the Battle of the UNK he had no fears about the outcome until he read the American newspapers. Yet the attitude that the fate of the Presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought, regardless of the consequences. In this case others should not have had to raise the doubts and fears. The Presidency demands an incisive awareness of the larger implications of the death of any UNK It is of the utmost importance to the people of America and of the world how their governing President UNK up" during the four years of his term. Only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be permitted the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death. UNK enough, in this instance such personal virtues were a luxury. At the national and international level, then, what is the highest kind of morality for the private citizen represents an instance of political UNK And we had the uneasy sense that the UNK between the moral and the political progressed amid the events which concern us. For the tone of the editorials which greeted Mr& Eisenhower's original announcement of his running had been strangely UNK Neither the vibrant enthusiasm which UNK a people's intuitive sense of the fitness of things at climactic moments nor the vital UNK UNK its sense that something significant has transpired was in evidence. Nothing UNK more clearly to that UNK than the peculiar editorial page appearing in a July issue of <Life UNK the issue which also carried the second announcement of the UNK The double editorial on two aspects of "The U& S& UNK was subtly calculated to suggest a moral sanction for UNK great as well as small, reflecting popular approval of this questionable attitude toward the highest office in the land. "The UNK UNK and "The Will to UNK live happily together, if we do not examine where the line is to be drawn. "I may possibly be a greater risk than is the normal person of my UNK the President had said on February 29th of the election year, ignoring the fact that no one of his age had ever lived out another term. "My doctors assure me that this increased percentage of risk is not UNK But by the time the risk was UNK events had dismissed from his mind both increased percentages and a previously stated intention of considering carefully anything more serious than a bout of UNK Only UNK did the situation color his thinking. UNK no president we have had would have regretted more than President Eisenhower the possibility to which his own words, in the press conference held at the beginning of August, UNK that unable as he was himself to say his running was best for the country, unconsciously he had placed his party before his nation. So it is that we UNK his opening statement in the first television address with the dramatic immediacy of the present. No consideration of risk urges itself upon him now: for this is what the mind does with the ideas on which it has not properly UNK Yet with a mind less UNK if less sharp, than some of the UNK UNK which back him, he feels what he cannot UNK and we watch him amid the UNK which suggest he could never in any conscience urge a risk upon the voters. Moving as he is into the phase of the campaign which demands conviction of him, he UNK a position that is morally UNK He UNK to the mercy of God the peace which this personal matter- the assurance that he can physically sustain the burden of the office longer than any individual in the history of our nation has been able to do- has brought him. What is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probability, whether or not it is later UNK has become by September of the election year "a firm UNK As a means of UNK a discussion which ought to have taken place, the statement is an effective one: we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions. But it is also the climax to one of the absorbing chapters in our current political history. In assigning to God the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors, Eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow. In any other man this reassurance to the UNK would have caused us a profound moral shock. About this man we had to think twice. We knew that it was, as UNK the ironic fruit of a deeply moral nature. But the fact remains that even the unconscious acceptance of himself as a man of destiny divinely protected must be UNK in any man who UNK the responsibility for his major decisions, and thus for imposing his will on the people. And in the context of drifting personal UNK we have examined, there was occasional evidence of the origin of all such UNK When the possibility that he had not given reconsideration to so weighty a decision seemed to UNK his UNK Mr& Eisenhower was known to make his characteristic statement to the press that he was not going to talk about the matter any more. Thinking had UNK it was not to be UNK The portrait that had developed, UNK but UNK was the portrait of a man to whom serious thinking is alien enough that the making of a decision UNK when it does not UNK any ability to review the decision in the light of new evidence. This does not mean that the decision to run for office should inevitably have been UNK Instead it means that the thinking in which decision issues has the power to determine the morality of the decision, as in this instance the pressure for renewed practical or legislative attention to the constitutional problems the decision had uncovered might have done. UNK through a third illness, apparently without any provision for the handling of a major national emergency other than a talk with the UNK Eisenhower revealed the UNK static quality of his thinking. Despite three UNK no sense of moral urgency impelled him to distinguish his situation, and thus his UNK from UNK ## By contrast, the energetic reaction of the leader to the full demands his decision imposes upon him strengthens the moral intuition and gives us the measure of the man. Only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of UNK in the major decision are effectively to be checked. In the incessant struggle with UNK political fact he learns to focus the essence of a problem in the significant detail, and to articulate the distinctions which clarify the detail as significant, with what is sometimes astounding UNK Like Lincoln, he can distinguish his relation to God from the constitutional responsibilities a questionable decision UNK of him. Like UNK he can distinguish an attitude toward a Russian leader he may share with a host of Americans from the responsibilities diplomatic convention may impose upon him. He chooses to subordinate one to the other, sometimes UNK accepting criticism for the lesser UNK facts breed. The very nature of a choice so grounded in distinction and fact leads to the valid convictions which become force of will in the manifest leader. The capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is UNK and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for UNK the moral intuition into moral leadership. The making of UNK like the perception of the great distinctions made, is an UNK difficult business. Lincoln's slow progress towards the several marking his achievement is even now UNK as such, and loosely interpreted as the UNK of UNK with vision. But because it is the function of the mind to turn the one into the other by means of the capacities with which words UNK it, we do not UNK examine the type of distinction, in the sphere of politics, on which decisions UNK Only recently, and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively dramatize President Kennedy's extraordinary mastery of detail, have the abilities on which the capacity for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics. In his recent evaluation of Kennedy's potentialities for leadership, Walter Lippmann has cited the UNK of his mind, his UNK UNK of factual detail, and his UNK for the crucial UNK as impressive in the UNK and it is surely clear that the first of these is the result of the way in which the individual's command of language UNK with the other two. For this change is not a change from one positive position to another, but a change from order and truth to disorder and negation. The liberal-conservative division, we might observe in UNK is not of itself directly involved in a private interest conflict nor even in struggle between ruling groups. Rather it is rooted in a difference of response to the threat of social UNK The division is not between those who wish to preserve what they have and those who want change. Rather it is a division established by two absolutely different ways of thought with regard to man's life in society. These ways are absolutely UNK because they offer two different UNK for man's UNK from chaos. The civilizational crisis, the third type of change raises the question "what are we to do"? on the most primitive level. For the answer cannot be derived from any socially cohesive element in the UNK community. There is no socially existential answer to the question. For the truth formerly experienced by the community no longer has existential status in the community, nor does any answer elaborated by philosophers or UNK In this phase of change, no idea has social acceptance and so none has ontological status in the community. An UNK UNK in which not men but ideas compete for existence. If we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an additional profound difference between the third and the first two, one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they UNK The first two types of change occur within the inward and immanent structure of the society. The first involves a simple shift of interests in the society. The second involves something deeper, but its characteristic form UNK on a shift in policy for the community, not in the truth on which the community UNK Thus in both types attention is focused on the community itself, and its UNK life. The third type, however, UNK attention from the life of action and interests in the community and UNK it on the ground of being on which the community depends for its existence. UNK has analyzed this experience in the case of the stable, healthy community. There the community, faced with the need to formulate policy on the level of absolute justice, can find the answer to its problem in the absolute truth which it holds as partially UNK This, however, cannot be done by a community whose very experience of truth is confused and UNK it has no absolute standard, and consequently cannot distinguish the absolute from the UNK It has lost its ground of being and UNK in a mist of appearances. UNK and equality are its characteristic diseases. UNK at the moment when it has lost its vision the mind of the community turns out from itself in a search for the ontological standard whereby it can measure itself. For UNK history UNK rather than UNK precisely when the movement is from order to UNK and not from one order to a new order. The liberal-conservative UNK to define it further, derives from a basic difference concerning the existential status of standard sought and about the spiritual experience that leads to its identification. When disruptive change has penetrated to the third level of social order, the process of disruption rapidly reaches a point of no return. Indeed, it is probable that this point is reached the moment the third level of change begins. At that point we reach the UNK historical UNK the situation in which man is no longer free to return to a <status quo UNK At that point men become aware of the mystery of history called variously UNK or UNK or UNK and feel themselves caught UNK in the UNK of a disrupted society. The reasons for this experience are rooted in the metaphysical characteristics of such a change. Of all forms of being, society, or community, has the greatest element of UNK Its ontological status is itself most tenuous because apart from individual men, who are its UNK tradition, the UNK of society exists only as a shared perception of truth. The ontological status of society thus is constituted by the UNK status of society's members. The content of that psychological status UNK UNK the content of civilization. Those social, civilizational factors not rooted in the human spirit of the group, ultimately cease to exist. Civilization itself- UNK falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused. Civilization is what man has made of himself. Its massive contours are rooted in the simple need of man, since he is always UNK to complete himself. It is not enough for man to be an ontological UNK He needs existential completion, he needs, that is, to move in the direction of completion. And the direction of that movement is determined by his perception of the truth about himself. He must, consequently, exist as a UNK UNK developing agent, or he does not exist as man. Thus, it is no mystical UNK but an UNK conception to say that man and his tradition can UNK out of UNK This happens at the moment man loses the perception of moral substance in himself, of a nature that, in UNK words, is perceived as a UNK of intelligible UNK An UNK is a man who perceives himself only as UNK as existence without substance. Thus human perception and human UNK is the immanent cause of all social change and this most truly when the change reaches the civilizational level. Thus with regard to the loss of tradition, in the change from order to disorder the metaphysics of change works itself out as a disruption of the individual soul, a change in which man continues as an objective ontological UNK but no longer as a man. Further, change is a form of motion, it occurs as the act of a being in potency insofar as it is in potency and has not yet reached the UNK of the change. With regard to the change we are UNK the question is, at what point does the change become UNK A number of considerations suggest that this occurs early in the process. UNK involves the displacement of form. This means that the inception of change itself can begin only when the factors UNK to change have already become more powerful than those UNK the existent form in being. If the existent form is to be retained new factors that reinforce it must be introduced into the situation. In the case of social UNK form is UNK simply by the process of dissolution with no form at the UNK of the process. Now in the mere fact of the beginning of such displacement we have UNK evidence of the ontological weakness of the fading form. And when we consider the tenuous hold tradition has on existence, any weakening of that hold constitutes a crisis of existence. The retention of a tradition confronted with such a crisis necessitates the introduction of new spiritual forces into the situation. However, the crisis occurs precisely as a weakening of spiritual forces. It would seem, therefore, that in a civilizational crisis man cannot save himself. The emergence of the crisis itself would seem to constitute a UNK for the victory of UNK And it would seem that history is a witness to this truth. As a further characterization of the liberal conservative split we may observe that it involves differences in the formula for escaping UNK in history. These UNK in turn, derive from prior differences concerning the friendly or hostile character of change. UNK UNK ANXIETY AND UNK UNK are the characteristic responses evoked by the crisis in tradition. To experience them, it is not necessary for a people to be actively aware of what is happening to it. The process of erosion need only undermine the tradition and a series of consequences begin unfolding within the individual, while in institutions a quiet but deep transformation of processes occurs. Within the individual the reaction has been called various names, all, however, pointing to the same basic experience. UNK identifies it as being UNK UNK as being UNK UNK as being UNK Others call it UNK and mean by that no simple economic experience (as Marx UNK but a deep spiritual sense of UNK Within institutions there is a marked decline of the process of persuasion and the UNK of a UNK process which UNK as the earlier one of persuasion. We note the use of rhetoric as a weapon, the manipulation of the masses by propaganda, the UNK of effort and resources. Within this context of spontaneous and UNK responses to the experience of civilizational crisis, two basic organizations of response are UNK reaction and ideological UNK These responses are explicable in terms of characteristics inherent in the crisis. Both are UNK destined to fail. The response of reaction is dominated by a concern for what is UNK Its essence lies in its attempt to recover previous order through the repression of disruptive forces. To this end political authority is called upon to exercise its negative and UNK powers. The implicit assumption of this response is that history is UNK UNK order is perceived as a kind of UNK entity now covered by UNK UNK The problem is to remove the UNK and thereby uncover the order that was always there. Such a response, of course, misses the point that in crisis order is going out of existence. UNK its posture of stubborn but simple resistance is doomed to failure because of the metaphysical weakness of the existent form of order, once the activation of change has reached visible proportions. The most reaction can achieve is UNK and a UNK that can be maintained only by the expenditure of an effort which ultimately UNK itself. Despite the hopelessness of the response, it is explicable in terms of the crisis of tradition itself. Since a civilizational crisis involves also a crisis in private interests and in the ruling class, reaction is normally found among those who feel themselves to be among the ruling class. Their great error is to UNK the responses typical of each of the three types of change. Since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and UNK it seldom is given adequate attention. And the anxiety it generates is UNK as anxiety over private interest and threatened social status. The basic truth in the reactionary response is to be found in its realistic assumption of the primacy of the real over the UNK But this truth is distorted by its extreme UNK the assumption of the separate existence of tradition. The reactionary misses the point that tradition exists UNK only in the form of UNK relations. Reactionary UNK for this reason, usually assume some form of UNK theory. In its defensive formulations, the theory will attack conscious change on the grounds of the independent existence of the community. In its dynamic form, it UNK the community as the embodiment of an ontological force- the race, for instance, which UNK in history. In both cases the individual tends to be treated as an instrument of the organic reality. When the reactionary response is thus UNK by an intellectual defense, the characteristics of that defense are explicable only in terms of the basic attitudes of UNK reaction. UNK is rooted in a perception of tradition as a whole. It is a total situation that is UNK the "good old days". There is no UNK even the questionable features of the past are UNK The point is that the UNK for whatever UNK perceives himself to have been part or a partner of something that extended beyond himself, something which, consequently, he was not able to accept or reject on the basis of subjective UNK The reactionary is confused about the existential status of a UNK tradition, but he does perceive the unity tradition had when it was UNK All of which brings up another problem in the use of psychoanalytic insight in a literary work. Is the Oedipus complex, the clinical UNK material for a UNK If we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation with mental disease, isn't there something absurd about a hero in a novel who is defeated by his UNK UNK I am not making a clinical judgment here, for such personal tragedies are real and are commonplace in the analyst's consulting room, but literature makes a different claim upon our sympathies than tragedy in life. A man in a novel who is defeated in his childhood and condemned by unconscious forces within him to UNK repeat his earliest failure in love, only makes us a little weary of man; his tragedy seems unworthy and UNK Now we can argue that the irresistible fate of Oedipus Rex was nothing more than the irresistible unconscious UNK of Oedipus projected UNK but this UNK of unconscious conflict makes all the difference between a story and a clinical case history. We can also argue that the three brothers UNK and UNK were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man, UNK a conflict having to do with UNK and the wish to possess the father's woman. But a novel in which one man UNK explored the divisions within his personality would scarcely merit publication in the UNK UNK It is a mistake to look upon the Oedipus of Oedipus UNK as a literary UNK of Oedipus UNK Whatever the psychological truth in the Oedipus myth, an Oedipus who is drawn to his fate by irresistible external forces can carry the symbol of humanity and its archaic crime, and the incest that is UNK UNK the mystery of the eternal dream of childhood and UNK us in the secret. But a modern Oedipus who is doomed because he cannot oppose his own childhood is only UNK and for UNK the mystery in favor of psychological truth he gives up the claim on our UNK I am suggesting that a UNK approach to the Oedipus complex is a blind UNK for a UNK The best gifts of the novelist will be wasted on the reader who is insulated against any surprises the novelist may have in store for him. UNK is still a durable theme, but if it wants to get written about it will have to find ways to surprise the emotions, and there is no better way to do this than that of UNK and symbolic representation. And the best way to conceal and UNK the elements of an incest story is not to set out to write an incest story. Which brings to mind another Lawrence story and some interesting comparisons in the treatment of the UNK theme. "The UNK Horse UNK is also a story about a boy's love for his mother. If I now risk some comparisons with UNK and UNK let it be clear that I am not comparing the two works or judging their UNK I am only UNK out differences in treatment of a theme and the resultant effects. "The UNK Horse UNK is a fantasy with extraordinary power to disturb the UNK but we do not know why. It is the story of the hopeless love of a little boy for his cold and vain mother. There are UNK scenes in which the little boy on his rocking horse rocks UNK toward the climax that will UNK give him the name of the winning horse. The child grows rich on his winnings and UNK with his uncle to make secret gifts of his money to his mother. The story ends in the child's illness and delirium brought on by the feverish compulsion to ride his horse to win for his mother. The child dies with his mourning mother at his UNK I had read the story many times without asking myself why it affected me or caring why it did. But on one occasion when I encountered a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient I began to understand the uncanny effects of this story. It was, of course, a little boy's fantasy of winning his mother to himself, and replacing the father who could not give her the things she UNK a classical oedipal fantasy if you UNK but if it were only this the story would be UNK Why does the story affect us? How does the rocking exert its uncanny effect upon the UNK The rocking is actually felt in the story, a terrible and ominous rhythm that UNK the tragedy. The UNK I realized, is the single element in the story that carries the erotic message, the UNK and unconscious UNK that would UNK the innocence of a child's fantasy and disturb the effects of the work if it were made UNK The rocking has the ambiguous function of keeping the erotic UNK silent and making it present; it UNK and yet is UNK a perfect symbol. And if we understand the rocking as an erotic symbol we can also see how well it serves as the symbol of UNK tragedy. For this love of the boy for his mother is a hopeless and forbidden love, doomed by its nature. We are also struck by the fact that this story of a boy's love for his mother does not UNK while the incestuous love of the man, Paul UNK sometimes UNK It's easy to see why. This love belongs to UNK we accord it its place there, and in UNK treatment we are given the innocent fantasy of a child, in fact, the form in which oedipal love is expressed in childhood. And when the child dies in UNK story in a delirium that is somehow brought on by his mania to win and to make his mother rich, the manifest absurdity of such a disease and such a death does not enter into our thoughts at all. We have so completely entered the child's fantasy that his illness and his death are the plausible and the necessary conclusion. I am sure that none of the effects of this story were consciously employed by Lawrence to describe an oedipal fantasy in childhood. It is most probable that Freud and the Oedipus complex never entered his head in the writing of this story. He was simply writing a story that wanted to be told, and in the writing a childhood fantasy of his own UNK He would not have cared why it emerged, he only wanted to capture a memory to play with it again in his imagination and somehow to fix and hold in the story the disturbing emotions that accompanied the UNK In our own time we have seen that the UNK debt to psychoanalysis has increased but that the novel itself has not profited much from this marriage. UNK hope that modern psychology might yet bring forth a last flowering of the novel has only been partially fulfilled. The young writer seems UNK by psychological UNK he has lost confidence in his own eyes and in the validity of his own psychological insights. He UNK the insights of psychology to improve his impaired vision but cannot bring to his work the distinctive vision that should be a UNK own. He has been UNK by the UNK of the unconscious and has lost interest in studying the surfaces of character. If many of the characters in contemporary novels appear to be the UNK relations of characters in a case history it is because the novelist is often UNK today that those things that we call character manifest themselves in surface behavior, that the ego is still the executive agency of personality, and that all we know of personality must be UNK through the UNK The novelist who has been badly baptized in psychoanalysis often gives us the impression that since all men must have an Oedipus complex all men must have the same faces. UNK I have argued that Oedipus of the Oedipus complex has a doubtful future as a tragic figure in literature. But a writer who has a taste for irony and who sees incest in all its modern dimensions can let his imagination work on the disturbing joke in the incest myth, the joke that strikes right at the center of man's UNK UNK dread is seen as the other face of UNK and here psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great UNK There is probably some significance in the fact that two of the best incest stories I have encountered in recent years are UNK of the incest UNK The ancient types are UNK in UNK and foreboding to be UNK drawn to their UNK but the myth fails before the modern UNK the UNK speaks false and the dream speaks true. In both the farmer's tale in Ralph UNK UNK UNK and in Thomas Mann's <The Holy UNK the incest hero rises above the myth by accepting the wish as UNK the heroic act is the casting off of UNK Thomas UNK wrote <The Holy UNK in 1951. It was conceived as a UNK a kind of melancholy UNK of the myths of the West, UNK die UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK He chose a medieval legend of UNK UNK UNK Stein, and freely borrowed and UNK other myths of the West, mixing UNK language, peoples and times in a master myth in which the old forms continually renew themselves, as in his previous treatment of UNK But <The Holy UNK is not simply a UNK of old stories for an old man's UNK UNK understood better than most men the incest comedy at the center of the myth and the psychological truth in which dread is shown as the other face as longing was for him just the kind of deep and complicated joke he liked to UNK And when he UNK the legend of UNK he UNK a modern version in which the medieval players speak contemporary thoughts in archaic language; while they move through the UNK of the ancient incest myth and cover themselves through UNK they reveal the unconscious motive in seeking each other and in the last scene make an extraordinary confession of guilt in the twentieth-century manner. Grigorss is the child of an incestuous union between a royal brother and sister, the twins Sibylla and UNK He is born in secrecy after the death of his father and cast UNK soon after birth. The infant is discovered by a UNK who brings him home to rear him. An ivory UNK in the UNK UNK recounts the story of his UNK origins and is preserved for the child by the monks of a UNK in the fishing village. UNK at UNK learns his story and goes forth as a knight to uncover his UNK His sailing vessel is guided by fate to the shores of his own country at a time when UNK domain is UNK by the armies of one of her rejected UNK Grigorss overcomes the UNK in battle, delivers the city from its UNK and marries Sibylla who had fallen in love with the beautiful knight the moment she saw him. Sibylla is pregnant with their second child when she finds the ivory UNK UNK by her husband, and the identities of mother and son are UNK Grigorss goes off to do penance on a rock for seventeen years. At the end of this period two pious Christians in Rome receive the revelation which leads them to seek the next Pope on the rock. Grigorss comes to Rome and becomes a great and beloved Pope. In the last pages of the book Sibylla comes to Rome to seek an audience with the great Pope and to give her UNK Mother and son recognize each other and, in Mann's version of this legend, make a remarkable confession of guilt to each other, the confession of unconscious motive and unconscious knowledge of their true identities from the time they had first set eyes on each other. In UNK he has said: UNK or man-made objects kept coming into my head, but I would suppress them UNK Moreover, he organized the movement of his forms, within his rigorously shaped space, into highly complex UNK and used UNK of color value as well as sharply contrasting elementary colors. The worthy UNK seeing these UNK said in a tone of kindly UNK "But you are really an artist of the naturalistic UNK Helion did not realize it at the time, but it was true. His UNK abstraction, made up of smooth, metallic UNK acting upon each other with great tension, won Helion much acclaim during the UNK The play of novel lighting effects also entered into these UNK whose controlled power and varied activity made them well worth UNK As UNK work showed more and more nostalgia for the world of man and nature, the pure UNK expressed some UNK but UNK UNK UNK and Alexander UNK at the time, gave him their blessing. His canvases nowadays bore titles frankly declaring them to be UNK in UNK or "Blue UNK or UNK UNK and they had UNK heads and feet. UNK in shows in London in UNK and in New York the following year, the new, more elaborated UNK were much favored in the circles of the UNK as UNK dramas of great intellectual UNK At this period the UNK old Helion was ranked "as one of the mature leaders of the modern UNK according to Herbert UNK "and in the direct line of descent from UNK UNK UNK and UNK In America, Meyer UNK observed that, unlike the UNK school, Helion UNK a return path to the fullness of nature within the framework of abstract art". It is notable that at this time he was writing with admiration of UNK and UNK way of filling space. UNK art was still the right path for him; but, he held, instead of continuing as an UNK of UNK it must UNK must make a place for the contributions of the UNK and UNK as well as for those of the early UNK and UNK Later Helion wrote of this UNK "For years I built for myself a subtle instrument of UNK colors and forms without a name. I played on it my secret songs, UNK passionate and UNK But his own work was UNK further. The extreme limitations he sensed in all current abstract art made that seem to him increasingly UNK and cold. He was engaged in constant experiments that searched for new directions. Where would it all UNK He himself did not know, as he said in 1935. But he was UNK of the future- he would in fact welcome a way back to social integration, a functional art of some kind". During the 1920's the UNK the German UNK group of industrial UNK and the new architects all had the dream of some well ordered UNK or welfare state, in which their neat and logical UNK might find their proper place. But whereas the postwar American UNK seem to Helion to be determined to UNK from the real world, or simply to rebel against it, the UNK abstractions which he and his associates of the 1930's were painting embodied the hope of UNK things. "We were possessed by visions of a new civilization to come, very pure and UNK he has said, "in fact some ideal form of socialism such as we had dreamed of since the war of UNK Instead of this the 1930's witnessed a tragic economic depression, the rise of UNK UNK in Europe, the wasting Civil War in UNK Very much the political man, Helion felt himself deeply affected by the increasingly pessimistic atmosphere of France and all Europe, whose foundations seemed to him more and more UNK In UNK he decided to UNK to America. The UNK America was a haven of liberalism and progress and seemed to him to constitute the last best hope for civilization. Helion also hoped that America's mastery of technology and industrial efficiency would be accompanied by the production of new and beautiful art works. "I arrived in the United States with the idea of establishing myself there more or less permanently and finding inspiration for new UNK In New York he was well received by what was then only a small brave band of UNK artists, including Alexander UNK George K& L& Morris, De UNK UNK and a few others. After a year in a studio on UNK Square, having married an American girl who was a native of Virginia, Helion moved to a village in the Blue Ridge mountains, where he produced some of the most imposing of his abstract UNK The darkening world scene, at the time of the Munich UNK continued to trouble his mind even in his remote Virginia UNK UNK possessed me, and the certainty of UNK he has UNK "I truly smelled blood, death, UNK of UNK UNK In haste he labored to finish some last abstract UNK a UNK frieze, with a flying figure and a fallen UNK a UNK which went to the Chicago Art Institute, and is considered by him the most successful of his UNK and in early 1939, a UNK UNK of very ominous character, which concluded his abstract phase. "I knew I was carrying on with abstraction to its very end- for me", he said of the two years' output in Virginia. With those paintings of big UNK crashing down, he felt he could stop. They were, in effect his last testament to UNK art. He had taken out first papers for American UNK but after war came to Europe, he decided to return to France, arriving there in January, 1940. "I hated the UNK he said, "but thought I ought to go because I was, perhaps, one of those who hadn't done enough to prevent it". ## In June, 1940, Sergeant UNK with a company of reserve troops waiting to go into battle, was UNK the hills south of the UNK River, when the war suddenly rolled in upon him. Its first UNK was a long, UNK column of refugees riding in farm UNK or pushing UNK His company then carried out a confused retreating movement until it was surrounded by the Germans, a few days before France UNK After a sort of death march during four days without food, Helion and his comrades were shipped by UNK to a labor camp at an estate farm in East Germany. A year later they were removed to a Stalag in the harbor of UNK At the time of his capture Helion had on his person a UNK he had bought at UNK in New York. When he was UNK UNK and numbered by his guards, his UNK UNK was seized and thrown on a pile of prisoners' goods to be UNK "It was then I knew that they were making war against Man, the individual UNK who questioned things when given UNK At UNK the UNK artist, who had studied German, was chosen to serve as interpreter and clerk in the office of the Stalag UNK In secret he also acted as a member of the prisoners' Central Committee, which plotted UNK planned a few UNK and maintained a hidden control over the UNK French UNK In the UNK Helion came to know and love his UNK most of them plain UNK who, in their UNK showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other. How much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to UNK In the prison UNK Black Market civilian clothes were quietly bought and UNK papers were devised for him; during long weeks the plan for his flight was UNK Every morning UNK of prisoners would be sent out to labor in nearby factories. One evening, while a UNK game was being played in the yard among the prisoners remaining there, a simulated UNK was UNK just as the gates were opened to admit other prisoners returning from work. As Helion wrote UNK " Their UNK followed **h Four hands were stretched toward me by my comrades behind me. UNK held my UNK UNK held a wallet with my money and UNK UNK and David held nothing but their fingers **h They felt rough and kind and UNK At this moment the UNK hit the ground. Duclos ran toward UNK with fists raised. The guards all rushed up to UNK **h" UNK his prison UNK Helion shot through the UNK now UNK in civilian garments and with the passport of a Flemish worker. UNK UNK UNK hikes on trucks across Germany, slipping through guarded frontiers with the help of secret UNK he eventually reached UNK France, and, by the winter of 1943, was back in Virginia. He wrote: " To escape from a prison camp required a very special state of mind; not only UNK of UNK but a faith, a hope that is even stronger. I left behind me brave men, whom UNK had robbed of all hope. They too loved their families, longed for their UNK yet lacked the faith that drove one to dare **h the fearful chance of UNK It was a time of UNK for him. Even the most rational of men, under great stress, may be transported by a new faith and behave like UNK Helion knew that he owed his freedom as much to the UNK of his UNK in UNK UNK UNK as to his own fierce will and love of life. After that, he declared, "to return to freedom was to fall to one's knees before the real world and UNK it". In prison he had been able to sketch nothing but figures from life, his guards, his companions in misery. Now all his desires centered on UNK and singing of the UNK and yet beautiful world of men and objects so long barred from me by a barbed wire UNK And, he added: UNK the many months in prison camp, all abstract images vanished from my mind". Before leaving for America, he happened to see his old friend Jean Arp and confided to him his new UNK Arp UNK "But it is UNK Everything in the way of representation has already been done by the old UNK UNK however, clung to the belief that "in escaping from the Stalag I had also escaped from UNK While UNK in his Virginia home he wrote a book recording his prison experiences and UNK entitled: UNK Shall Not Have UNK **h Published originally in UNK English by UNK + Co& of New York, in 1943, the book was received by the press as a work of astonishing literary power and one of the most realistic accounts of World War /2, from the French side. It was very widely read, too; and the author, who seemed the embodiment of France's rising spirit of resistance to her UNK was much UNK for his daring military action. But when he showed his new figurative pictures to his artist friends of the abstract camp, they paid him no compliments and drew long faces. Between 1944 and 1947 Helion had a series of one-man UNK at the Paul UNK Gallery in New York and in UNK of his new realistic pictures. They UNK the figures of human beings banished from his canvases since the 1920's. These new pictures UNK on the familiar and commonplace objects that he had heard the men in his prison camp talking about as the things they missed most, hence associated with the sense of lost UNK the cafe at the corner, the newspaper UNK the girls in UNK and windows along the street, the UNK French bread they UNK the UNK denied them. One of the pictures was of a man with hat drawn over his face UNK lighting a UNK others were of men UNK their UNK to each other, carrying umbrellas with UNK reading newspapers, or simply showing UNK of bread spread out. UNK as was Mr& UNK essay, his thesis is so restricting as to deny Faulkner the stature which he obviously UNK He and also Mr& UNK and Mr& Warren have fallen to the temptation which UNK many of us to read into our UNK UNK UNK for example, and Herman UNK protests against UNK material progress, and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs. Faulkner's total works today, and in fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when Mr& UNK made his UNK or in 1939, when Mr& UNK wrote his essay, reveal no such simple attitude toward the South. If he is a UNK he is an UNK UNK If he condemns the recent or the present, he condemns the past with no less force. If he sees the heroic in a Sartoris or a UNK he sees UNK and he UNK the blind and the mean, and he sees the Compson family UNK from within. If the UNK family produces a UNK UNK who UNK UNK and materialism in UNK UNK the Compson family produces a UNK Compson /4,. Faulkner is a most UNK UNK Others writing on Faulkner have found the phrase UNK UNK either inadequate or misleading. Among them are Frederick J& UNK William Van UNK and Mrs& Olga UNK They have indicated the direction but they have not been explicit enough, I believe, in pointing out Faulkner's independence, his questioning if not indeed challenging the Southern tradition. Faulkner's is not the mind of the UNK which Mr& UNK implies that it is. He is not one to remain more comfortably and UNK within a body of social, UNK or literary traditions than he was within the UNK or possibly the UNK governing his tenure in the post office at Oxford, Mississippi, thirty-five years ago. That is not to deny that he has been aware of traditions, of course, that he is steeped in them, in fact, or that he has dealt with them, in his books. It is to say rather, I believe, that he has brought to bear on the history, the traditions, and the lore of his region a critical, skeptical mind- the same mind which has made of him an UNK experimenter in literary form and technique. He has employed from his section rich immediate materials which in a loose sense can be termed Southern. The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less UNK I rather think, for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity. Some of us might be inclined to argue, in fact, that an independence of mind and action and an UNK of UNK either mental or physical, are particularly Southern UNK There is no necessity, I suppose, to assert that Mr& Faulkner is Southern. It would not be easy to discover a more thoroughly Southern UNK than that of his family. And, after all, he has lived comfortably at both Oxford, Mississippi, and UNK Virginia. The young William Faulkner in New Orleans in the 1920's impressed the novelist Hamilton UNK as obviously conscious of being a UNK and there is no evidence that since then he has ever considered himself any less so. Besides showing no UNK apparently, to absent himself from his native region even for short periods, and in addition writing a shelf of books set in the region, he has handled in those books an astonishingly complete list of matters which have been important in the South during the past hundred years. It is more difficult with Faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge. His own testimony is that he has read very little in the history of the South, implying that what he knows of that history has come to him UNK and that he knows the world around him primarily from his own UNK UNK His UNK of extensive reading UNK it is no doubt safe to assume that he has spent time schooling himself in Southern history and that he has gained some acquaintance with the chief literary authors who have lived in the South or have written about the South. To believe otherwise would be UNK But in looking at Faulkner against his background in Mississippi and the South, it is important not to lose the broader perspective. His earliest work reflected heavy influences from English and UNK writers. Evidence is plentiful that early and later also he has been indebted to the UNK UNK who deal in extravagant UNK to the UNK writing at the end of the preceding century, and in particular to the UNK UNK Henry James and James UNK among them. His repeated experimentation with the techniques of fiction UNK to an independence of mind and an originality of approach, but it also shows him touching at many points the stream of literary development back of him. My intention, therefore, is not to say that Faulkner's awareness has been confined within the borders of the South, but rather that he has looked at his world as a Southerner and that presumably his outlook is Southern. The ingredients of Faulkner's novels and stories are by no means new with him, and most of the problems he takes up have had the attention of authors before him. A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made, I think, by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has UNK from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region. The planter aristocracy has appeared in literature at least since John UNK Kennedy published UNK in UNK and in his genial portrait of Frank UNK presiding over his plantation dominion initiated the most persistent tradition of Southern literature. The UNK UNK of the planter society did not come, however, until after the Civil War when Southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed. As they looked with nostalgia to a society which had been swept away, they were probably no more than UNK that they painted in colors which had never existed. Their books found no less willing readers outside than inside the South, even while memories of the war were still UNK The tradition reached its UNK perhaps, in the works of Thomas Nelson Page toward the end of the century, and UNK UNK as late as 1934 in the UNK novel UNK Red the UNK by UNK UNK Although Faulkner was the heir in his own family to this tradition, he did not have UNK Young's inclination to UNK and UNK the planter society. The myth of the Southern plantation has had only a UNK relation with UNK as Francis UNK UNK showed forty years ago, and I suspect it has had a far narrower acceptance as something real than has generally been UNK Faulkner has found it useful, but he has employed it with his UNK independence of mind and skeptical outlook. Without saying or seeming to say that in UNK the Sartoris and the Compson families Faulkner's chief concern is social criticism, we can say nevertheless that through those families he UNK his comment on the planter UNK as they have existed since the decades before the Civil War. It may be that in this comment he has broken from the conventional pattern more violently than in any other UNK for the treatment in his books is far removed from even the genial irony of Ellen UNK who was the only important novelist before him to challenge the conventional picture of planter society. Faulkner's UNK characters had but few counterparts in earlier Southern novels dealing with plantation life. They have an ancestry extending back, however, at least to UNK when William UNK described the UNK he encountered in the back country of Virginia and North UNK The chief literary UNK of the Snopes UNK appeared in the realistic, humorous writing which originated in the South and the Southwest in the three decades before the Civil War. These narratives of coarse action and crude language appeared first in local newspapers, as a rule, and later found their way between book covers, though rarely into the UNK libraries beside the UNK volumes of UNK Mr& UNK Mr& Pope, and Sir Walter UNK There is evidence to suggest, in fact, that many authors of the humorous sketches were prompted to write them- or to make them as UNK as they are- by way of protesting against the artificial refinements which had come to dominate the polite letters of the South. William UNK UNK sturdy UNK that he was, pleaded for a natural UNK such as he found in his favorites the great UNK to UNK the pale writings being produced around him. Simms admired the raucous tales UNK from the UNK but he had himself social affiliations which would not allow him to approve them UNK Augustus UNK UNK a preacher and a college and university president in four Southern states, published the earliest of these backwoods sketches and in the character UNK UNK in the accounts of sharp UNK and UNK physical combat, and in the shockingly UNK speech of his characters, he set an example followed by many after him. Others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas UNK UNK creator of the Big Bear of Arkansas and Tom UNK the UNK Johnson Jones UNK whose character UNK UNK bears a close UNK to UNK Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the UNK with which he UNK carried out his UNK and George Washington Harris, whose Tennessee hillbilly character UNK UNK UNK more UNK mischief and more UNK pain than any other character in literature. It would be profitable, I believe, to read these realistic UNK alongside Faulkner's works, the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly, but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time, to Faulkner's time. Such a comparison reminds us that in employing low characters in his works Faulkner is recording actuality in the South and moreover is following a UNK literary UNK Such characters, with their low existence and often low morality, produce humorous effects in his novels and tales, as they did in the writing of UNK and UNK and Harris, but it need not be added that he gives them far UNK and more intricate functions than they had in the earlier UNK nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly individualized and most successful of his characters. One of the early UNK already mentioned, Thomas UNK UNK can be used to illustrate another point where Faulkner touches authentic Southern materials and also earlier literary treatment of those materials. UNK came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty. But UNK saw also the hardships of pioneer existence, the cultural poverty of the frontier UNK and the slack morality which UNK in the new regions. As a consequence of the tensions thus produced in his thoughts and feelings, he wrote on the one hand sketches of idealized hunting trips and on the other an anecdote of the village of UNK Arkansas, where no one had ever seen a piano; and he wrote also the masterpiece of frontier humor, "The Big Bear of UNK in which earthy realism is placed alongside the exaggeration of the backwoods UNK and the UNK with which man UNK the grandeur and the mysteries of nature. SOME years ago Julian Huxley proposed to an audience made up of members of the British Association for the UNK of Science that UNK UNK or extra-sensory faculties are UNK in the same case as were his mathematical faculties during the ice age". As a UNK Dr& Huxley interests himself in the possibilities of human development, and one thing we can say about this UNK which comes from a leading UNK is that, so far as he is concerned, the scientific outlook places no rigid limitation upon the idea of future human UNK This text from Dr& Huxley is sometimes used by enthusiasts to indicate that they have the permission of the scientists to press the case for a wonderful UNK of psychic powers in human beings. There may be a case of this sort, but it is not one we wish to argue, here. Even if people do, in a not far distant future, begin to read one another's minds, there will still be the question of whether what you find in another man's mind is especially worth UNK worth more, that is, than what you can read in good books. Even if men eventually find themselves able to look through walls and around UNK one may question whether this will help them to live better lives. There would be UNK to be drawn, of UNK such capacities are impressive evidence pointing to a conception of the human being which does not appear in the accounts of UNK and organic UNK but the basic UNK of existence would still be UNK and we should still have to work out the sort of problems we plan to discuss in this UNK All we want from Dr& UNK statement is the feeling that this is an open world, in the view of the best scientific opinion, with practically no directional commitments as to what may happen next, and no important UNK with respect to what may be possible. It seems quite obvious that all the really difficult tasks of human beings arise from the fact that man is not one, but many. Each man, that is, is both one and many. He is a UNK of the good society with a plan to put into effect, and he is an individual UNK with something to make for himself and the people of his time. He is a parent with a child to UNK here and now, and he is an educator who worries about the children half way round the world. He is a utopian with a stake in tomorrow and he is a vulnerable human made captive by the circumstances of today. He can sacrifice himself for tomorrow and he can sacrifice tomorrow for himself. He is a UNK wife who UNK about tobacco ash on the living room rug and he is a UNK genius who goes boating with the town UNK when UNK from the local university have come to call. He is the stern UNK of the status quo who has raised the utilitarian structures of the age, and he is the revolutionary poet with a gun in his hand who writes a tragic UNK to UNK for the men he has killed. What will be the final symmetry of the good UNK For what do the UNK UNK Here, on a desk, is a UNK of pamphlets representing the efforts of some of the best men of the day to penetrate these questions. The pamphlets are about law, the corporation, forms of government, the idea of freedom, the defense of liberty, the various UNK which UNK our major institutions, the gap between traditional social ideals and the working mechanisms that have been set in motion for their UNK The thing that is notable in all these discussions is the lack of ideological UNK There is another kind of UNK a quiet, sure devotion to the fundamental UNK of human life, but no angry utopian UNK Actually, you could wish for some passion, now and then, but when you look around the world and see the little UNK of current history which partisan social passions have UNK you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm. You could also say that in these pamphlets is a UNK quality of maturity. There is essential UNK in reading the writing of men who are not angry, who can contend without UNK This is the good kind of UNK and with all our problems and crises this kind of sophistication has UNK in the United States during recent years. A characteristic expression of such concern and inquiry is found in Joseph P& Lyford's introduction to <The Agreeable UNK a recent UNK study of the institutions of modern democratic society. Mr& Lyford gives voice to a temper that UNK we think, an achieved UNK of reflective thinking. After casting about for a way of describing this spirit, we decided that it would be better to use Mr& Lyford's introduction as an illustration. He UNK " At one time it seemed as if the Soviet Union had done us a favor by providing a striking example of how not to behave towards other peoples and other nations. As things turned out, however, we have not profited greatly from the UNK instead of persistently following a national program of our own we have often been satisfied to be against whatever Soviet policy seemed to be at the moment. Such activity may or may not have UNK the UNK but it has frequently condemned America to an unnatural UNK that has UNK our effort to give leadership to the free world. The UNK has been exaggerated by another bad UNK our tendency to rate the UNK or UNK of other nations by the extent to which they UNK the slogans we UNK about ourselves. Since the slogans have little application to reality and are UNK to UNK the applause is faint even in areas of the world where we should expect to find the greatest affection for free government. UNK at the response to our UNK we grow more UNK and worse, we lose our sense of humor and UNK Mr& Nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism by our Department of State, and an American President observes UNK that Sweden would be a little less neurotic if it were a little more UNK One thing you can say about Mr& Lyford is that he does not suffer from any UNK as an American. Those who are insecure fear to be UNK in UNK Only the strong look squarely at weakness. The maturity in this point of view lies in its recognition that no basic problem is ever solved without being clearly understood. Mr& Lyford UNK " Even if the self portrait we distribute for popular consumption were accurate it would be dangerous to present it as a picture of the ideal society. We would be ignoring the special circumstances of other countries. The picture is the more treacherous when it UNK the facts of American life. The discrepancy between what we commonly profess and what we practice or tolerate is great, and it does not escape the notice of others. If our sincerity is granted, and it is granted, the discrepancy can only be explained by the fact that we have come to believe UNK and legend about ourselves in preference to an understanding gained by earnest UNK What is more, the legends have become so UNK that the very habit of UNK or UNK smells of low treason, and men who practice it are UNK and UNK UNK **h although we continue to pay our UNK UNK to "free private UNK UNK UNK "the democratic UNK UNK of the people", UNK of the UNK etc&, we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas, bureaucracy is UNK representative government, technology is weakening the UNK confidence in his own power to make decisions, and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the UNK The interesting thing about Mr& Lyford's approach, and the approach of the contributors to <The Agreeable UNK UNK UNK UNK to the situation of American civilization, is that it is concerned with comprehending the psychological relationships which are having a decisive effect on American life. In an ideological argument, the participants tend to UNK the table. They are determined to UNK something. The new spirit, so well illustrated by Mr& Lyford's work, is wholly free of this anxiety. The problem is rather to find out what is actually UNK and this is especially difficult for the reason that "we are busily being defended from a knowledge of the present, sometimes by the very UNK our educational system, our mass UNK our UNK on which we have had to rely most heavily for understanding of UNK The UNK UNK " We experience a vague uneasiness about events, a suspicion that our political and economic institutions, like the UNK in the UNK have escaped confinement and that we have lost the power to recall them. We feel uncomfortable at being UNK by a corporation or a union or a television set, but until we have some knowledge about these phenomena and what they are doing to us, we can hardly learn to control them. It does not appear that we will be delivered from our situation by articles on The National UNK <The Agreeable UNK is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today. The men who speculate on these institutions have, for the most part, come to at least one common UNK that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves UNK in nature, and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world". These institutions which Mr& Lyford names UNK UNK where did they come UNK Of one thing we can be UNK they were not sketched out by the revolutionary UNK of the eighteenth century who formulated the political principles and originally shaped the political institutions of what we term the "free UNK No doubt there are historians who can explain to a great extent what happened to the plans and projects of the eighteenth century. Going back over this ground and analyzing the composition of forces which have created the present scene is one of the tasks undertaken by the Center for the Study of Democratic UNK in Santa UNK But however we come, finally, to explain and account for the present, the truth we are trying to UNK right now, is that the makers of UNK and the designers of institutions find it difficult if not impossible to anticipate the behavior of the host of all their enterprises. The host is the flowing life of the human race. This life has its own currents and rhythms, its own multiple cycles and UNK On occasion it produces extraordinary UNK Should Rousseau have been able to leave room in his social theory for the advent of television, atomic energy, and ~IBM UNK How would Thomas Jefferson feel after reading UNK in the UNK They tell us, sir, that we are free, because we have in one hand a ballot, and in the other a stock UNK With these we shape our destiny and own private property, and that, sir, makes ours the best of all possible societies. The reality of the situation, however, is described by Mr& UNK " Many of us may even be secretly relieved at having a plausible excuse to delegate ancient civic responsibilities to a new bureaucracy of experts. Thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may proceed without interference or UNK the UNK delivers his UNK and the citizen UNK his political participation to the mere act of UNK if he votes at all". Copernicus did not question it, Ptolemy could not. Given the conceptual context within which ancient thought UNK how could anyone have questioned this UNK The reasons for this are partly UNK partly philosophical, and reinforced by other aesthetic and cultural factors. First, the UNK reasons. UNK obvious natural fact to ancient thinkers was the diurnal rotation of the UNK Not only did constellations like UNK UNK and UNK spin circles around the UNK but stars which were not UNK rose and set at the same place on the horizon each night. Nor did a UNK stars vary in brightness during the course of their nocturnal UNK The UNK the distances of the constellations did not vary and their paths were circular. Moreover, the UNK path over earth described a segment of a great UNK this was clear from the contour of the shadow traced by a UNK before and after noon. As early as the UNK century B&C& the earth was seen to be UNK UNK disappear UNK over the UNK approaching shore their UNK appeared first. Earth, being at the center of the universe, would have the same shape as the UNK so, e&g& did Aristotle argue, although this may not be an UNK reason in favor of UNK The UNK shapes of sun and moon were also felt to indicate the shape of celestial things. In light of all this, one would require UNK reasons for saying that the paths of the heavenly bodies were other than circular. Why, for example, should the UNK have supposed the diurnal rotation of the heavens to be UNK Or UNK Or UNK There were no reasons for such suppositions then. This, conjoined with the considerations above, made the circular motions of heavenly bodies appear an almost directly observed fact. Additional philosophical considerations, advanced notably by UNK supported further the UNK principle. By distinguishing UNK UNK and UNK UNK existence, and UNK this with the UNK physics of UNK Aristotle came to speak of the stars as perfect bodies, which moved in only a perfect way, UNK in a perfect circle. Now what is perfect UNK It must, apparently, be motion without UNK Because motion which begins and ends at discrete places would UNK for UNK be UNK UNK motion, however, since it is eternal and perfectly continuous, lacks UNK It is never motion towards something. Only UNK imperfect things move towards what they UNK UNK complete UNK if they move at all, do not move towards what they UNK They move only in accordance with what is in their UNK Thus, circular motion is itself one of the essential characteristics of completely perfect celestial existence. To return now to the UNK physics, a mixture of UNK UNK water will, when standing in a UNK separate out with earth at the bottom, water on top, and the air on top of that. A candle UNK in the air directs its flame and smoke UNK This gives a clue to the UNK order of elements. Thus earth has fallen to the center of the universe. It is covered UNK with water, air is atop of that. UNK fire (the UNK is in the UNK When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material UNK it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of UNK UNK celestial bodies will be of a UNK UNK UNK existence, in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain UNK The stars constitute an order of existence different from what we encounter on earth. This is clear when one distinguishes the types of motion appropriate to both regions. A UNK shot up from earth returns UNK to its UNK place of rest. But the natural condition for the heavenly bodies is neither rest, nor UNK motion. Being less UNK by material UNK they UNK more of what is divine. Their motion will be eternal and perfect. Let us re-examine the publicized contrasts between Ptolemaic and Copernican astronomy. UNK there never was a Ptolemaic UNK of astronomy. Copernicus' achievement was to have UNK systematic astronomy. The <Almagest> and the UNK outline Ptolemy's conception of his own task as the provision of UNK tables, independent calculating devices for the prediction of future planetary UNK Indeed, in the UNK edition of UNK presentation of the UNK there is a chart setting out (under six distinct UNK otherwise unrelated diagrams for describing the planetary motions. No attempt is made by Ptolemy to UNK into a single scheme UNK UNK UNK these independent UNK They all have this in UNK the earth is situated near the center of the UNK But that one should superimpose all these UNK run a pin through the common point, and then scale each planetary UNK larger and smaller (to keep the epicycles from UNK this is contrary to any intention Ptolemy ever UNK He might even suppose the planets to move at UNK Ptolemy's problem is to forecast where, against the UNK bowl of night, some particular light will be found at future times. His problem concerns UNK UNK and angular velocities. The distances of these points of light is a problem he cannot master, beyond crude UNK as to the UNK of the planetary orbits viewed outward from earth. But none of this has prevented scientists, UNK and even historians of science, from speaking of the Ptolemaic UNK in contrast to the Copernican. This is a UNK It is engendered by UNK the UNK UNK in the <Almagest> with the UNK astronomy. Ptolemy UNK denies that he could ever UNK planetary motion. This is what necessitates the UNK character of his astronomy. So when UNK like that of Baker set out drawings of the UNK UNK complete with earth in the center and the seven heavenly bodies UNK arranged on their several UNK we have nothing but a misleading UNK idea of what never existed UNK It is the chief merit in Copernicus' work that all his planetary calculations are UNK He cannot, e&g& compute the retrograde arc traveled by Mars, without also making suppositions about the earth's own motion. He cannot describe eclipses without entertaining some form of a UNK problem. In Ptolemaic terms, however, eclipses and retrograde motion were UNK UNK to be explained directly as possible resultants of UNK combinations. In a UNK astronomy, like that of Copernicus, UNK become part of the conceptual structure of the UNK they are no longer a puzzling aspect of UNK variable, local planetary motions. Another contrast stressed when discussing Ptolemaic vs& Copernican astronomy, turns on the idea of UNK It is often stated that Copernican astronomy is UNK than UNK Some even say that this is the reason for the ultimate acceptance of the former. Thus, UNK UNK "A large number of unrelated epicycles was needed to explain the observations, but otherwise the UNK system served well and with quantitative precision. Copernicus, by placing the sun at the center of the planetary universe, was able to reduce the number of epicycles from UNK to UNK Historical records indicate that Copernicus was unaware of the fundamental aspects of his so-called UNK unaware perhaps of its historical importance, he rested content with having produced a UNK scheme for UNK As an illustration of the principle of simplicity the UNK discovery has a peculiar appeal because it allows simplicity to be UNK it involves a reduction in the number of epicycles from UNK to UNK Without careful qualification this can be misleading. If in any one calculation Ptolemy had had to invoke UNK epicycles <all at UNK while Copernicus never required more than one third this number, then (in the sense obvious to UNK Ptolemaic astronomy would be simpler than Copernican. But no single planetary problem ever required of Ptolemy more than six epicycles at one time. This, of course, results from the UNK UNK character of Ptolemaic theory. UNK within the Copernican framework always raised questions about planetary UNK These could be met only by considering the UNK elements of several planets at one time. This is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems. Thus, in no ordinary sense of UNK is the Ptolemaic theory simpler than the Copernican. The latter required UNK several elements simultaneously. This was not simpler but much more difficult than exercises within Ptolemy's astronomy. UNK anyone who argues that Einstein's theory of UNK is simpler than UNK must say rather more to explain how it is that the latter is mastered by UNK while the former can be managed (with UNK only by accomplished experts. In a sense, Einstein's theory <is> simpler than UNK and there is a corresponding sense in which Copernicus' theory is simpler than UNK But UNK here refers to UNK UNK The number of primitive ideas in UNK theories is reduced to a minimum. The UNK required to make the theoretical machinery operate are set out UNK and UNK so that all UNK operations within the theory can be traced rigorously back to these UNK rules, and primitive UNK This characterizes UNK formulation of UNK but not Ptolemy's astronomy. There are in the <Almagest> no rules for determining <in UNK whether a new UNK will be required for dealing with UNK in UNK UNK or planetary behavior. The strongest appeal of the Copernican formulation consisted in just this: UNK the justification for dealing with special problems in particular ways is completely set out in the basic UNK of the theory. The UNK UNK are never UNK UNK never introduced UNK post facto> just to sweep up within the theory some UNK UNK Copernicus, to an extent UNK by UNK approximated to UNK vision. <De UNK is not just a collection of facts and techniques. It is an organized system of these things. UNK astronomical problems UNK for Copernicus, not a random search of unrelated tables, but a regular employment of the rules defining the entire discipline. Hence, noting the simplicity achieved in Copernicus' formulation does not provide UNK reason for the acceptance of <De UNK another reason beyond its systematic UNK It provides exactly <the UNK reason. UNK A&D& is often UNK as the birthday of the scientific revolution. It is really the funeral day of scholastic science. UNK the UNK philosophical, and cultural UNK initiated by the <De UNK were felt with increasing violence during the 300 years to follow. But, considered within technical astronomy, a different pattern can be UNK In what does the dissatisfaction of UNK UNK What in the <Almagest> draws his UNK UNK <per UNK No. The formal displacement of the UNK principle far from being Copernicus' UNK concern, was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him UNK in orthodox astronomy, namely, the UNK UNK of UNK UNK one center from which the UNK distances were UNK another around which planetary velocities were UNK and still a third center (the UNK from which the observations UNK This arrangement was for Copernicus literally UNK "With [the UNK it is as though an artist were to gather the hands, feet, head and other members for his images from UNK models, each part excellently drawn, but not related to a single body; and since they in no way match each other, the result would be a UNK rather than a man". Copernicus required a systematically UNK physically intelligible astronomy. His objective was, UNK to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its deficiencies in achieving these ends. That such deficiencies existed within Ptolemy's theory was not discovered <de UNK by UNK The critical, rigorous examinations of Nicholas of UNK and Nicholas of UNK provided the context (a late medieval UNK for Nicholas Copernicus' own work. The latter looked backward upon inherited UNK Without abandoning too much, Copernicus sought to make orthodox astronomy systematically and mechanically UNK He did not think himself to be firing the first shot of an intellectual revolution. UNK feeling of identity with Sara UNK was crowned by her discovery of the coincidence that UNK UNK in the Jewish UNK in UNK referred to her as "the UNK Into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama Henrietta, as every artist UNK to do, wove UNK of her own intuitive insights into human nature and- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this UNK into the relations of men and UNK "In their relations, she was the UNK and he the UNK UNK the UNK His feeling always UNK sacrifices from her. **h One is so accustomed to think of men as the privileged who need but ask and UNK and women as submissive and UNK that our sympathies are usually enlisted on the side of the man whose love is not UNK and we condemn the woman as a UNK **h. The very firmness of her convictions and logical UNK of her arguments UNK and stimulated him to make greater UNK usually, this is most UNK to men, who expect every woman to verify their UNK notions concerning her sex, and when she does not, immediately condemn her as eccentric and UNK **h. She had the opportunity that few clever women can UNK of showing her superiority in argument over a man **h. Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world, and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the UNK of a stronger will, even when their UNK are withheld **h. She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done. One who invites such trials of character is either UNK UNK or too simple and childlike in faith in mankind to see the danger. In any case but the last, such a course is sure to UNK itself upon the UNK the moral powers no more than the physical and UNK can bear UNK And, in the last case, a bitter disappointment but too often meets the UNK nature **h". Henrietta was discovering in the process of writing, as the born writer does, not merely a channel for the discharge of accumulated information but a stimulus to the development of the creative powers of observation, insight and intuition. Dr& UNK was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara UNK that he considered submitting it to the UNK UNK or UNK but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in <The UNK "so our readers will be UNK UNK Under her father's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field, but she did begin writing for other UNK papers and thus increased her output and her audience. And she wrote the UNK for an UNK on the subject of UNK UNK performed at the UNK festival which came in December. By her eighteenth birthday her bent for writing was so evident that Papa and Mamma gave her a <Life of UNK as a spur to her UNK Another source of intellectual stimulus was opened to her at that time by the founding of Johns Hopkins University within walking distance of home. It was established in a couple of buildings in the shopping district, with only a few professors, but all eminent men, and a few hundred eager students housed in nearby UNK In September UNK Thomas UNK UNK famous UNK came from England to speak in a crowded auditorium at the formal opening of the UNK and although it was a school for men only, it afforded Henrietta an opportunity to attend its public UNK In the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students, and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study, and who enjoyed being fed and UNK by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel, who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday UNK From Philadelphia came Cyrus UNK and Joseph UNK UNK Judge UNK UNK came to study UNK A UNK shrewd and ambitious young man, well UNK and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people, he was bound to go far. Joseph Jastrow, the younger son of the distinguished UNK Marcus Jastrow, was a friendly, UNK fellow with a little UNK whose field was UNK and who was also a UNK and a UNK UNK His father was a good friend of Rabbi Szold, and Joe lived with the Szolds for a while. Both these youths, who greatly admired Henrietta, were somewhat younger than she, as were also the neighboring UNK boys, who were then studying UNK and bright though they all were, they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa, whose mind- although he never tried to UNK or UNK lesser lights with it- naturally UNK theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were. Besides, Miss UNK as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a UNK in the back- had little time to spare them from her teaching and UNK so Cyrus UNK became interested in her friend UNK UNK and Joe UNK the only young man who when he wrote had the UNK to address her as Henrietta, and signed himself UNK fell in love with pretty sister Rachel. Henrietta, however, was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with Joe's older and more serious brother, Morris, who was just about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to Philadelphia with Papa, when he substituted for Rabbi Jastrow at UNK UNK Temple there during its UNK absence in Europe. Young Morris, who, while attending the University of Pennsylvania, also taught and edited a paper, found time to write Henrietta UNK letters on everything that engaged his interest, from the acting of Sarah UNK in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of UNK on the Jewish reform movement being UNK by the Hebrew Union College in UNK Unlike his younger brother, UNK he never presumed to address her more UNK than as "My dear UNK although he praised and envied the elegance and purity of her style. And when he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do, Henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and Papa did. One thing Papa had not taught Henrietta was how to handle a young man as high-spirited and UNK as herself. She could not resist the opportunity "of showing her superiority in argument over a UNK which she had remarked as one of the UNK UNK of Sara UNK and in her UNK way, Henrietta, who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness "to think of men as the UNK and UNK as submissive and UNK felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of UNK to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest UNK he objected to her stand on the UNK affair, as well as on the radical reforms of Dr& Wise of Hebrew Union College- until once, in sheer UNK he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything. But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters, or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the UNK lively Szolds in their pleasant house on UNK Street. UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Father and Mother and each other **h" said Beth on the first page of UNK UNK UNK UNK and, "I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world", burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family, which had first appeared when Henrietta was UNK and the Szold family, as it developed, bore a striking resemblance to the UNK Mr& March, like Benjamin Szold, was a clergyman, although of an UNK UNK and UNK March, like UNK Szold, was the competent manager of her brood of girls, of whom the UNK had only four to the UNK UNK But the March girls had their counterparts in the Szold girls. Henrietta could easily identify herself with Jo March, although Jo was not the UNK sister. Neither was Henrietta UNK like UNK who frankly wished she were a boy and had deliberately shortened her name, which, like UNK was the feminine form of a boy's name. But both were high-spirited and UNK both had UNK to control, both loved languages, especially English and German, both were good teachers and wrote for publication. Each was her mother's assistant and UNK and each stood out conspicuously in the family picture. Bertha Szold was more like UNK the UNK March girl, who UNK that a woman's UNK kingdom is home, her highest honor the art of ruling it, not as a queen, but a wise wife and UNK UNK UNK like UNK was from the start her mother's daughter, destined for her mother's role in life. UNK like Beth March, suffered ill health- got UNK fever and had to be careful of her UNK but that never UNK her spirits. When her right hand was UNK by the UNK Sadie learned to write with her left hand. She wrote gay plays about the girls for family UNK like "Oh, What UNK A comedy in Three UNK in which, under UNK Henrietta appeared as "A UNK and UNK who was only a trifle less brilliant in high school than Henrietta had been, appeared as UNK Sadie studied piano; played UNK in the UNK UNK of Mr& UNK UNK and she UNK UNK UNK to UNK most UNK to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in UNK near Philadelphia, where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the UNK in UNK UNK like Amy, the youngest of the UNK was the UNK UNK rather calculating and ambitious one. For Rachel, conceded to be the UNK of the Szold UNK and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the UNK UNK her guitar and singing in her UNK UNK there was no particular March UNK but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in UNK the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian. The UNK like the UNK enjoyed and loved living together, even in troubled times; and, as in the March home, any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of UNK which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them. This included UNK UNK UNK and UNK with whom they all fell in love, just as Papa had first fallen in love with UNK Mamma before he chose her; and when a young man like Morris Jastrow had enjoyed the Szold UNK he felt obliged to send his respects and his gifts not merely to Henrietta, in whom he was really UNK but to all the Szold girls and UNK And just as UNK Lawrence was first attracted to bright Jo March, who found him immature by her high standards, and then had to content himself with her younger sister Amy, so Joe Jastrow, who had also been writing Henrietta before he came to Johns Hopkins, had to content himself with her younger sister, pretty Rachel. And like Jo March, who saw her sisters UNK and Amy involved in UNK before herself, Henrietta saw her sisters Rachel and Sadie drawn outside their family circle by the attraction of UNK Rachel by Joe Jastrow, and Sadie by Max UNK a young businessman who would write her romantic descriptions of his trips by UNK down the Mississippi. This time he was making no UNK UNK in her country the nickname was a respectful form of UNK was not only attractive but UNK UNK UNK and UNK No wonder Wright was UNK no two better suited people ever met. Almost from that day, until his death, Olgivanna was to stay at his side; but the years that immediately followed were to be extraordinarily UNK both for Wright and his UNK lady. It must be granted that the UNK of convention, no matter how well UNK one may be, is sure to lead to trouble, or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval. Even so, many of the things that happened to Wright and Olgivanna seem UNK UNK Their UNK centered on one UNK UNK Miriam held up the divorce proceedings that she herself had asked for. UNK began to trail Miriam everywhere, and to encourage her to make appalling statements about Wright and his UNK UNK of UNK UNK and unpleasant legal papers of every sort began to fly through the air. The distracted Miriam would agree to a settlement through her legal representative, then change her mind and make another attack on Wright as a person. At last her lawyer, Arthur D& UNK gave up the case because she turned down three successive settlements he arranged. UNK made an interesting statement in UNK from his UNK "I wanted to be a lawyer, and Mrs& Wright wanted me to be an UNK UNK So I got out. Mrs& Wright is without funds. The first thing to do is get her some money by a temporary but definite adjustment pending a final disposition of the case. But every time I suggested this to her, Mrs& Wright turned it down and demanded that I go out and UNK Mr& UNK I am an attorney, not an instrument of UNK Miriam Noel UNK the free advice of her departing UNK and appointed a UNK young man named Harold Jackson to take his place. There were three years of this strange UNK and during the unhappy time, Miriam often would charge that Wright and Olgivanna were UNK against the public order of UNK Yet somehow, when officers were UNK into visiting Taliesin to execute the warrants, they would find neither Wright nor Olgivanna at home. This showed that common sense had not died out at the county and village level- though why the unhappy and obviously unbalanced woman was not restrained remains a UNK The misery of UNK bitterness can be felt today by anyone who studies the UNK it was UNK UNK and UNK with Miriam herself bearing the UNK burden of shame and pain. To get an idea of the embarrassment and UNK that was heaped upon Wright and UNK we should bear in mind that the raids were sometimes led by Miriam in person. One of the most distressing of these scenes occurred at Spring Green toward the end of the open warfare, on a beautiful day in June. At this time Miriam Noel appeared, urging on UNK Henry UNK whose name showed him to be a UNK of the Welsh settlers in the neighborhood. A troop of reporters brought up the UNK Miriam was stopped at the Taliesin gate, and William UNK now the estate UNK came out to UNK He said that Mr& Wright was not in, and so could not be arrested on something called a peace warrant that Miriam was waving in the air. Miriam now ordered UNK to break down the gate, but he said he really couldn't go that far. At this point Mrs& UNK UNK one of Wright's handsome daughters by his first wife, came from the house and tried to calm Miriam as she tore down a NO UNK sign and smashed the glass UNK on another sign with a rock. Miriam Noel Wright said, "Here I am at my own home, locked out so I must stand in the UNK Then she rounded on Weston and UNK "You always did Wright's dirty UNK When I take over Taliesin, the first thing I'll do is fire you". UNK UNK I think you had better UNK said Mrs& UNK "And I think <you> had better UNK replied UNK Turning to the reporters, she asked, "Did you hear UNK 'I think you had better UNK And this is my own home". In the silence that followed, Miriam walked close to Mrs& UNK who drew back a step on her side of the gate. Then, with staring eyes and lips drawn thin, Miriam said to the young woman, "You are UNK UNK than you used to be, and you were always very ugly. You are even UNK than Mr& UNK The UNK expressed by such a scene had the penetrating quality of a natural UNK and it gave Miriam Noel a fund of energy like that of a person inspired to complete some great and universal work of art. As if to make certain that Wright would be unable to pay any settlement at all, Miriam wrote to prospective clients denouncing him; she also went to Washington and appealed to Senator George William UNK of UNK the Fighting UNK from whose office a sympathetic but cautious UNK was heard. Then, after UNK to accept a settlement and go through with a UNK Miriam gave a UNK echo of Mrs& UNK by suddenly UNK "I will never leave Mr& UNK Under this kind of pressure, it is not surprising that Wright would make sweeping statements to the newspapers. Miriam had not yet UNK him into mentioning her directly, but one can feel the generalized anger in Wright's remarks to reporters when he was asked, one morning on arrival in Chicago, what he thought of the city as a whole. First, Wright said, he was UNK by the smoke, which fortunately kept him from seeing the dreadful town. But surely Michigan Avenue was UNK "That isn't a UNK it's a UNK cried Wright, showing that automobiles were considered to be a danger as early as the 1920's. "This is a horrible way to UNK Wright went on. "You are being UNK by UNK He was then asked for a solution of the difficulty, and began to talk trenchant sense, though private anguish showed through in the UNK of his manner. "Take a gigantic knife and sweep it over the UNK Wright said. UNK off every building at the seventh floor. Spread everything out. You don't need UNK If you cut down these horrible buildings you'll have no more traffic UNK You'll have trees again. You'll have some joy in the life of this city. After all, that's the job of the UNK to give the world a little UNK Little enough joy was afforded Wright in the spring of 1925, when another destructive fire broke out at Taliesin. The first news stories had it that this blaze was started by a bolt of UNK as though Miriam could call down fire from heaven like a prophet of the Old Testament. A storm did take place that night, and fortunately enough, it included a UNK that helped put out the UNK Later accounts blamed defective UNK for starting the UNK at any rate, heat grew so intense in the main part of the house that it melted the window UNK and fused the UNK pottery to UNK Wright set his loss at UNK a figure perhaps justified by the unique character of the house that had been UNK and the UNK taste that had gone into the selection of the UNK and other things that were destroyed. In spite of the disaster, Wright completed during this period plans for the Lake UNK UNK in which he suggested the shapes of American Indian UNK a project of great and appropriate UNK that came to nothing. UNK a shortage of profitable work, the memory of Albert Johnson's $20,000 stood out in lonely UNK the money had quickly melted away. A series of conferences with friends and bankers began about this time; and the question before these meetings was, here is a man of international reputation and proved earning power; how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do? While this was under UNK UNK as ever Wright set about the building of Taliesin /3,. As he made plans for the new Taliesin, Wright also got on paper his conception of a UNK of steel and glass to house a congregation of all UNK and the idea for a UNK with a sloping UNK Years were to pass before these plans came off the paper, and Wright was justified in thinking, as the projects failed, that much of what he had to show his country and the world would never be seen except by visitors to Taliesin. And now there was some question as to his continued residence there. Billy UNK who had once worked for Wright as a UNK gave a UNK for UNK use that he had seen Olgivanna living at Taliesin. This might put Wright in such a bad light before a court that Miriam would be awarded UNK nor was she moved by a letter from Wright pointing out that if he was not UNK to spend money on useless UNK bills, useless hotel bills, and useless doctor's UNK he could more quickly provide Miriam with a suitable home either in Los Angeles or Paris, as she UNK Miriam sniffed at this, and complained that Wright had said unkind things about her to UNK His reply was, "Everything that has been printed UNK to you, UNK to have come from me, was a UNK and nothing yet has been printed which I have UNK What UNK Miriam was that Wright had told the papers about a reasonable offer he had made, which he considered she would accept "when she tires of UNK From her California headquarters, Miriam fired back, "I shall never divorce Mr& Wright, to permit him to marry Olga UNK Then Miriam varied the senseless psychological warfare by suddenly withdrawing a suit for separate maintenance that had been UNK and asking for divorce on the grounds of UNK with the understanding that Wright would not contest it. The Bank of Wisconsin sent a representative to the UNK chambers in Madison to give information on Wright's ability to meet the terms. He said that the architect might reasonably be expected to carry his financial burdens if all UNK could be brought to an end, and that the bank would accept a mortgage on Taliesin to help bring this about. Miriam said that she must be assured that "that other woman, UNK will not be in luxury while I am UNK UNK This exhausted Wright's patience, and in consequence he talked freely to reporters in a Madison hotel UNK UNK laws, speed laws, divorce UNK he said, "as they now stand, demoralize the individual, make UNK and law UNK of us in one way or another, and tend to make our experiment in democracy absurd. If Mrs& Wright doesn't accept the terms in the morning, I'll go either to Tokyo or to Holland, to do what I can. I realize, in taking this stand, just what it means to me and UNK Here Wright gave a slight sigh of UNK and continued, "It means more long years lived across the social grain of the life of our people, making shift to live in the face of popular UNK and misunderstanding as I best can for myself and those dependent upon me". Next day, word came that Miriam was not going through with the UNK but Wright stayed in the United States. His mentioning of Japan and UNK had been merely the expression of wishful thinking. No matter what troubles might UNK him, this most American of artists knew in his heart he could not function properly outside his native land. In a few weeks Miriam made another UNK at Taliesin, but was UNK at the locked and guarded UNK More UNK you simply told UNK as you handed us the book, that it UNK little what we UNK providing we UNK the discipline of UNK For UNK sake, I will not say that the UNK and UNK UNK UNK of those verses UNK itself into my soul. Besides, that particular message does no more than UNK echo the roar in all fresh blood. But what you could not know, of course, was how smoothly the Victorian Fitzgerald was to lead into an American Fitzgerald of my own UNK under whose banner we adolescents were to come, if not of age, then into a bright, taut UNK of it. I do not suppose you ever heard of F& Scott UNK living or dead, and moreover I do not suppose that, even if you had, his legend would have seemed to you to warrant more than a UNK of disapproval. Neither his appetites, his UNK nor his despair were UNK to yours. He might have been the man in the moon for all you could have understood him. But he was no man in the moon to me. Although his tender nights were not the ones I dreamed of, nor was it for UNK sports cars, tall drinks, and swimming pools, nor yet for money or what money buys that I UNK I too was burning and watching myself UNK The flame was simply of a different kind. It was symbolized (at least for those of us who recognized ourselves in the UNK by that UNK UNK candle of UNK St& Vincent UNK that candle which from the UNK where she UNK it became a beacon to us, but which in point of fact would have had to be as tall as a funeral taper to last even the evening, let alone the night. One should not, of course, UNK the head off a flower and expect its perfume to linger on. Yet this passion for passion, now that I look back on it with passion UNK seems somewhat UNK and UNK though as a UNK Miss UNK perfectly controlled her notes. Only what else was she singing but the old UNK of UNK that most ancient of tunes that nature plays with such UNK response upon young UNK Perhaps this is not so little. Perhaps the mere fact that by UNK on the nerves nature can UNK in the most ordinary of us, temporarily anyway, the sleeping poet, and in poets can discover their immortality, is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can UNK One can see it as UNK that an extra hormone casually fed into our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a UNK one can take it as no more than another veil torn from the mystery of the soul. But it could also be looked at from the other end of the UNK One could see this chemical UNK as in itself a miracle. In any case, Miss UNK UNK UNK her variations on the theme that the world was not only well lost for love but even well lost for lost love, her constant and wonderfully tragic UNK so unlike that of Fitzgerald since it required no scenery or UNK drew from the me that I was when I fell upon her verses an overwhelming UNK But all this, I am well aware, is the UNK UNK of love, and although I have always liked to think that it was to the UNK UNK and to that alone that I UNK I know well enough that it was not. If I am to speak the whole truth about my knowledge of love, I will have to stop trying to UNK the UNK UNK There is another side of love, more nearly symbolized by the UNK of the mating UNK or better still perhaps by the UNK antics of the UNK Whether you experienced the passion of desire I have, of course, no way of UNK nor indeed have I wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know, for the fact that one constitutes by one's mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any UNK upon this part of one's parents' experience more UNK more UNK more deeply UNK than an UNK from a stranger. I recoil from the very thought. At the same time, I am aware that my recoil could be interpreted by readers of the tea leaves at the bottom of my UNK as an incestuous sign, since theirs is a science of UNK if one UNK they say it is because one UNK if one UNK they say it is because one is UNK if one UNK they say it is because one UNK and according to them, whatever one UNK one feels, what one feels in fact is the UNK Well, normally UNK or normally normal, neurotic or merely UNK UNK the UNK readers, by the way, allow UNK to have moral UNK I have never wanted to know what you knew of passion. ## YOU UNK WOULD NOT UNK UNK YOU UNK seemed to remember even the same moments as I, much less their intensity, one sunny UNK on Fifth Avenue when you had set out with me for some final shopping less than a week before the wedding you staged for me with such reluctance at the UNK I can see us now. We had been walking quite UNK for despite your being so small and me so tall, your stride in those days could easily match mine. We had stopped before a shop window to assess its UNK display, when you suddenly turned to me, looking up from beneath one of your wrong UNK and with your nervous UNK said: "There are things I must tell you about this man you are UNK which he does not know UNK If you had screamed right there in the street where we stood, I could not have felt more fear. With scarcely a UNK of UNK I fled. I fled, however, not from what might have been the natural fear of being unable to UNK from you that the things about my UNK in the sense you meant the word UNK which you had been UNK yourself to tell me as a painful part of your UNK duty were things which I had already insisted upon finding out for myself UNK I may now say, the unspeakable UNK of making the discovery on principle, yes, on principle, and in cold UNK because I was UNK as a modern woman, not to be a UNK waiting for Life but to seize Life by the throat. I had developed too UNK a UNK to be afraid of UNK What I fled from was my fear of what, UNK you might UNK without meaning to, about my father and yourself. But I can see from this latest trick of memory how much more arbitrary and influential it is than the will. While my memory holds with UNK UNK as I cannot too often stress, to my UNK when it comes to my UNK it UNK and jokes and toys with chronology like a UNK in the hope of UNK me from them. Just as I was about to enlarge upon my discovery of the underside of the leaf of love, memory, displeased at being asked to yield its UNK UNK dashed ahead of me, calling back over its UNK UNK it. Cut it out". But I will not skip it or cut it out. It is not my intention in this narrative to picture myself as a helpless victim UNK to the rock of experience and left to the UNK of chance. If to be innocent is to be UNK then I had UNK as are we all- helpless at the start. But the time came when I was no longer innocent and therefore no longer UNK UNK in that sense I can never be again. However, I confess my hope that I will be innocent again, not with a UNK accidental innocence, but rather with an innocence achieved by the slow cutting away of the flesh to reach the bone. For innocence, of all the graces of the spirit, is I believe the one most to be prayed for. Although it is constantly made to look foolish UNK simple to come in out of the rain, people say, who have found in the innocent an UNK it does not mind looking foolish because it is not concerned with how it UNK It assumes that things are as they seem when they seem best, and when they seem worst it overlooks them. To innocence, a word given is a word that will be kept. UNK innocence does unto others as it expects to be done by. But when these expectations are once too often ground into the dust, innocence can UNK since its strength is according to the strength of him who possesses it. The innocence of which I speak is, I know, not UNK But I insist upon believing that even when it is lost, it may, like UNK be UNK However, it was not of innocence in general that I was speaking, but of perhaps the UNK and surely the least important side of it which is innocence in romantic love. Here, if anywhere, it is not wholly UNK To you, for instance, the word innocence, in this UNK probably retained its UNK or should I say technical sense, and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I UNK or rather handed UNK what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled, and in fact by oath required, to hand it over along with what other goods and UNK I had. But to me innocence is far less UNK I had long since begun to lose my general innocence when I lost my trust in you, but this special innocence I lost before ever I UNK through my discovery that one could UNK with desire and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing, nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking, let alone with love. I knew this knowledge to be corrupting at the time I acquired it; today, these many years later, after all the temptations UNK or yielded to, the UNK satisfactions and the UNK UNK since UNK I call it corrupting still. UNK I could swear to it, remained innocent in this sense until the end. UNK but not mine, was an age in which innocence was fostered and UNK if not perhaps altogether UNK UNK You had grown up at a time when the most distinguishing mark of a lady was the UNK me UNK writ plain across her face. Moreover, because of the particular blot on your family UNK through what may only have been one UNK moment on your grandmother's part, and because you had the UNK kitchen and UNK bed of your childhood to UNK what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person, what you bent your whole will, UNK and intelligence upon, was to be a lady. Before being daughter, wife, or mother, before being cultured (a word now UNK both socially and politically of the UNK you children of UNK bestowed on UNK before being sorry for the poor, progressive about public health, and UNK if somewhat imprecisely UNK indeed first and foremost, you were a lady. There was, of course, more to the portrait of a lady you carried in your mind's eye than the UNK UNK UNK of her UNK A lady, you made clear to me both by UNK and example, never raised her voice or UNK in her chair, never failed in social UNK (in UNK for instance, would not mention St& John the UNK UNK never UNK or withdrew or scandalized in company, never reminded others of her physical presence by UNK sound or gesture, never indulged in public scenes or private UNK never spoke of money save in terms of UNK suffering, never UNK or UNK never stressed but always minimized the hopelessness of anything from sin to death itself. With each song he gave verbal UNK The songs Sandburg sang often reminded listeners of songs of a UNK character they knew entirely or in UNK Often these listeners would refer Sandburg to persons who had similar ballads or UNK In due time Sandburg was a walking UNK of American folk music. After he had finished the first two volumes of his UNK Sandburg went to work assembling a book of songs out of UNK and childhood days and from the memory of songs others had taught him. He UNK found composers and UNK collaborated on the main design and outline of UNK with musicians, ballad UNK and UNK The result was a collection of 280 songs, UNK UNK brought together from all regions of America, more than one hundred never before UNK <The American UNK Each song or UNK was UNK by an author's note which indicated the origin and meaning of the song as well as special interest the song had, musical arrangement, and most of the chorus and UNK The book, published in 1927, has been selling steadily ever since. As Sandburg said at the time: "It is as ancient as the medieval European ballads brought to the UNK Mountains, it is as modern as UNK the UNK Act, and the latest oil well UNK UNK UNK UNK Sandburg is in constant demand as an UNK Two things contribute to his popularity. First, Carl respects his audience and prepares his speeches carefully. Even when he is called upon for impromptu remarks, he has notes written on the back of handy UNK He has his own system of UNK devised by UNK UNK will be UNK UNK will be UNK and UNK will be UNK The second reason for his popularity is his complete spontaneity with the guitar. It is a mistake, however, to imagine that Sandburg uses the guitar as a UNK He is no UNK college boy but rather a UNK humble, and UNK UNK of this instrument. At age UNK he became what he UNK terms a UNK of UNK UNK the great UNK of the Western world. It is not easy to become UNK pupil. One needs high talent. UNK has written about UNK "His fingers labor heavily on the strings and he asked for my help in UNK them. I found that this UNK grown-up boy of 74 deserved to be UNK There has long existed a UNK affection between us, thus I accepted him as my pupil. Just as in the case of every UNK child, we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future- if he should master all the strenuous exercises I inflicted on him. To play the guitar as he UNK will UNK his UNK energy as a historian, a poet and a UNK One cause of UNK pessimism was the fact that he failed to learn the guitar. I am certain that Carl Sandburg will not fall into the same sad philosophy. The heart of this great poet constantly bubbles forth a generous joy of life- with or without the UNK The public's identification of Carl Sandburg and the guitar is no UNK Nor does Carl reject this identity. He is proud of having UNK for a friend and dedicated a poem to him titled "The UNK Carl says it is the greatest poem ever written to the guitar because he has never heard of any other poem to that subtle instrument. "A portable companion always ready to go where you UNK a small friend weighing less than a UNK UNK to be shared with few or UNK just two of you in sweet UNK The <New York Herald UNK UNK UNK UNK tells an anecdote about the time he wanted to take a picture of Carl playing a guitar. Carl hadn't brought his along. Mr& UNK suggested that they go out and find one. UNK said UNK "one battered and UNK such as might be found in a UNK They went to the UNK of Joseph Miller of UNK Sixth Avenue. "Mr& Miller was in the UNK the UNK Tribune> story related, "but was reluctant to have UNK picture taken inside, because his business was too UNK for pictures. "But after UNK he asked: UNK UNK Well <you> can pose UNK "He wanted Mr& Sandburg to pose with one of the UNK he had displayed behind glass in the center of his shop, but the poet UNK this somewhat UNK UNK UNK he said, UNK by radio hillbilly UNK "He chose one from Mr& Miller's window, a plain guitar with no fancy UNK While the picture was taken, Mr& Miller's disposition to be generous to Mr& Sandburg increased to the point where he UNK 'I won't even charge you the one dollar rental UNK #A UNK UNK When someone in the audience rose and asked how does it feel to be a UNK Carl said, "A UNK is a fellow who UNK celery with UNK This has always been Carl's attitude. Lloyd Lewis wrote that when he first knew Carl in UNK Sandburg was making UNK a week writing features for the UNK UNK and eating UNK UNK in UNK UNK He walked home at night for two miles beyond the end of a suburban UNK When fame came it changed Sandburg only slightly. Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking, UNK have your ideas changed any since you got all these UNK Carl thought the question over slowly and answered: "I know a UNK man who is fed never remembers all the UNK of his UNK I know that". That was all he said, Lewis reports. That was all he had to say. In answer to a <New York Times> UNK on what is fame UNK on UNK October 23, 1960), Carl said: UNK is a UNK of a UNK It comes and goes. It changes with every generation. There never were two UNK alike. One fame is precious and UNK another is a bubble of a UNK UNK UNK YOU UNK UNK UNK UNK The impression you get from Carl Sandburg's home is one of laughter and UNK and the laughter and the happiness are even more pronounced when no company is present. Carl has been married to Paula for UNK years, and he has not made a single major decision without careful consideration and thorough discussion with his wife. Through all these years, Mrs& Sandburg has UNK avoided the UNK She has shared her husband's UNK but only within the UNK of their UNK it is a dedication which began the moment she met UNK Mrs& Sandburg received a UNK UNK Kappa key from the University of Chicago and she was busy writing and teaching when she met UNK "You are the UNK UNK was her appraisal in 1908, and she stopped teaching and writing to devote herself to the fulfillment of her husband's career. She has rarely been photographed with him and, except for Carl's UNK anniversary celebration in Chicago in 1953, she has not attended the dozens of UNK functions, public appearances, and UNK honoring him- all of this upon her UNK Even now I will not UNK upon her except to state a few bare facts. The only way to describe Paula Sandburg is to say she is beautiful in a Grecian sense. Her clothes, her hair, everything about her is both graceful and simple. She has small, broad, capable hands and an enormous energy. She is not only a trained UNK and UNK but a good UNK She designed and supervised the building of the UNK Michigan, house, most of which was constructed by one local carpenter who carried the heavy beams singly upon his shoulder. As the Sandburg UNK herd increased, she also designed the barn alterations to accommodate them. When erosion threatened the foundation of their home in UNK Paula Sandburg planted UNK and arranged the snow fences which helped hold the sands away. She was born Lilian Steichen, her parents immigrants from UNK Her mother called her UNK a UNK UNK meaning UNK Some of the children of the family could not UNK this name and called her UNK a UNK Carl liked so much she has been Paula ever since. But neither was Lilian her UNK name. Her parents, pious Roman Catholics, UNK her Mary Anne Elizabeth UNK UNK "My mother read a book right after I was born and there was a Lilian in the book she loved and I became UNK and eventually I became UNK Lilian Steichen was an exceptional student. This family of UNK UNK in fact, produced two exceptional children. UNK older brother is Edward Steichen, a talented artist and, for the past UNK one of the world's eminent UNK UNK years ago the photography editor of UNK magazine titled his article about Steichen, "The World's Greatest UNK By the time Lilian had been graduated from public school, her parents were doing quite well. Her mother was a good manager and established a UNK business in UNK But her father was not enthusiastic about sending young Paula to high school. "This is no place for a young UNK he said. The parents UNK however, on a UNK school and Paula went to UNK Academy in London, UNK She was UNK too, once UNK through the night from Holy Thursday to Good Friday, despite the protest of the UNK that this was too much for a young girl. She knelt out of reverence for having read the UNK of St& UNK She read everything else she could get her hands on, including an article UNK thinks it was in the UNK UNK by Mark UNK on UNK UNK Paula was UNK about what was happening to little girls and vowed to UNK no more in UNK She had come to a decision. If there was ever a thought in her mind she might devote her life to religion, it was now dispelled. "I felt that I must devote myself to the UNK world". She passed the entrance examinations to the University of Illinois, but during the year at UNK felt more important events transpired at the University of Chicago. "And UNK UNK UNK was one of the Chicago UNK At the University of Chicago she studied UNK and UNK and became a UNK Socialist leaders in Milwaukee recognized her worth, not only because of her dedication but because of her UNK in German, French, and UNK She once gave a German recitation before a convention of UNK teachers in UNK Carl and Paula met in Milwaukee in 1907 during UNK Christmas holiday visit to her parents. Carl was still Charles A& UNK He UNK Paula for Lilian Steichen, and it was Paula who insisted on Carl for UNK Victor UNK the UNK of Wisconsin UNK and member of Congress, had asked Paula Steichen to translate some of his German editorials into English. UNK who was stationed in UNK Wisconsin, organizing for the Social Democrats, was in Berger's office and made it his business to escort Paula to the streetcar. She left the next day for her teaching job at Princeton, UNK UNK graduation from the University of Chicago, Paula taught for two years in the normal school at Valley City, North Dakota, then two years at UNK UNK UNK High UNK By the time the streetcar pulled away, he had fallen in love with UNK A letter awaited her at UNK Paula says that even though Carl's letters usually began, "Dear Miss UNK there was an understanding from the beginning that they would become husband and wife. Paula generously lent me one of Carl's love letters, dated February 21, 1908, Hotel UNK UNK UNK "Dear Miss UNK It is a very good letter you send me- UNK the intensity of this UNK warfare I am carrying on up here. Never until in this work of UNK organization have I realized and felt the attitude and experience of a UNK The United States is always ready to participate with the Soviet Union in serious discussion of these or any other subjects that may lead to peace with justice. Certainly it is not necessary to repeat that the United States has no intention of interfering in the internal affairs of any UNK by the same UNK we reject any Soviet attempt to impose its system on us or other peoples by force or UNK Now this concern for the freedom of other peoples is the intellectual and spiritual cement which has allied us with more than forty other nations in a common defense effort. Not for a moment do we forget that our own fate is firmly fastened to that of these countries; we will not act in any way which would jeopardize our solemn commitments to them. ## We and our friends are, of course, concerned with UNK UNK out of this concern is the realization that all people of the Free World have a great stake in the progress, in freedom, of the UNK and newly emerging nations. These peoples, desperately hoping to lift themselves to decent levels of living must not, by our neglect, be forced to seek help from, and finally become virtual satellites of, those who proclaim their hostility to freedom. But they must have technical and investment assistance. This is a problem to be solved not by America alone, but also by every nation UNK the same ideals and in position to provide help. In recent years America's partners and friends in Western Europe and Japan have made great economic progress. The international economy of 1960 is markedly different from that of the early postwar years. No longer is the United States the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries. To remain secure and prosperous themselves, wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope, confidence, and progress. A rich nation can for a time, without noticeable damage to itself, pursue a course of UNK making its single goal the material ease and comfort of its own citizens- thus UNK its own spiritual and material stake in a peaceful and prosperous society of nations. But the UNK it will UNK the isolation into which it will UNK and the internal moral and spiritual UNK that will be UNK will, in the long term, bring it to economic and political disaster. America did not become great through UNK and UNK Her miraculous progress in material achievements flows from other qualities far more worthy and UNK adherence to principles and methods consonant with our religious UNK a satisfaction in hard work; the readiness to sacrifice for worthwhile UNK the courage to meet every UNK the intellectual honesty and capacity to recognize the true path of her own best interests. To us and to every nation of the Free UNK rich or poor, these qualities are necessary today as never before if we are to march together to greater security, prosperity and peace. I believe that the industrial countries are ready to participate actively in UNK the efforts of the developing nations to achieve progress. The immediate need for this kind of co-operation is underscored by the strain in this nation's international balance of UNK Our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to maintain our military establishments UNK to finance private investment, and to provide assistance to the less developed nations. In 1959 our deficit in balance of payments approached four billion dollars. Continuing UNK of anything like this magnitude would, over time, impair our own economic growth and check the forward progress of the Free UNK We must meet this situation by promoting a rising volume of exports and world trade. Further, we must induce all industrialized nations of the Free World to work together to help lift the UNK of poverty from less UNK This co-operation in this matter will provide both for the necessary sharing of this burden and in bringing about still further increases in mutually profitable trade. New Nations, and others struggling with the problems of development, will progress only- regardless of any outside UNK if they demonstrate faith in their own destiny and use their own resources to fulfill it. Moreover, progress in a national transformation can be only gradually UNK there is no easy and quick way to follow from the UNK to the jet plane. But, just as we drew on Europe for assistance in our earlier years, so now do these new and emerging nations that do have this faith and determination deserve help. UNK their need, one of the major focal points of our concern is the UNK region. Here, in two nations alone, are almost five hundred million people, all working, and working hard, to raise their standards, and in doing so, to make of themselves a strong bulwark against the spread of an ideology that would destroy liberty. I cannot express to you the depth of my conviction that, in our own and free world interest, we must UNK with others to help these people achieve their legitimate ambitions, as expressed in their different UNK plans. Through the World Bank and other UNK as well as through individual action by every nation in position to help, we must squarely face this UNK UNK I shall continue to urge the American people, in the interests of their own security, prosperity and peace, to make sure that their own part of this great project be amply and UNK UNK Free world decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedom. Other countries, some of which I visited last month, have similar needs. A common meeting ground is desirable for those nations which are prepared to assist in the development effort. During the past year I have discussed this matter with the leaders of several Western nations. Because of its wealth of experience, the Organization for European Economic UNK could help with the initial studies needed. The goal is to enlist all available economic resources in the industrialized Free UNK especially private investment capital. By extending this help, we hope to make possible the enthusiastic enrollment of these nations under UNK UNK No more startling contrast to a system of UNK satellites could be imagined. If we grasp this opportunity to build an age of productive partnership between the less fortunate nations and those that have already achieved a high state of economic UNK we will make brighter the outlook for a world order based upon security and freedom. Otherwise, the outlook could be dark indeed. We face, indeed, what may be a turning point in history, and we must act decisively and UNK ## As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength. No matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace, we must maintain a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms UNK Until tangible and mutually UNK arms reduction measures are worked out we will not weaken the means of defending our institutions. America possesses an enormous defense power. It is my studied conviction that no nation will ever risk general war against us unless we should become so foolish as to neglect the defense forces we now so UNK support. It is world-wide knowledge that any power which might be tempted today to attack the United States by surprise, even though we might sustain great UNK would itself promptly suffer a terrible destruction. But I once again assure all peoples and all nations that the United States, except in defense, will never turn loose this destructive power. During the past year, our long-range striking power, UNK today in manned UNK has taken on new strength as the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile has entered the operational UNK In fourteen recent test UNK at ranges of five thousand miles, UNK has been striking on an average within two miles of the target. This is less than the length of a jet UNK well within the circle of destruction. Incidentally, there was an UNK firing last night. From all reports so far received, its performance conformed to the high standards I have just described. Such performance is a great tribute to American scientists and engineers, who in the past five years have had to UNK time and technology to develop these long-range ballistic missiles, where America had none before. This year, moreover, growing numbers of nuclear UNK submarines will enter our active forces, some to be armed with Polaris missiles. These remarkable ships and weapons, ranging the UNK will be capable of accurate fire on targets virtually anywhere on earth. To meet situations of less than general nuclear war, we continue to maintain our carrier forces, our many service units abroad, our always ready Army strategic forces and Marine Corps divisions, and the civilian components. The continuing modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process. It is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength. The UNK of a portion of these forces beyond our UNK on land and sea, is persuasive demonstration of our determination to stand UNK with our allies for collective security. Moreover, I have directed that steps be taken to program on a longer range basis our military assistance to these allies. This is necessary for a sounder collective defense system. Next I refer to our program in space UNK which is often mistakenly supposed to be an integral part of defense research and development. We note that, first, America has already made great contributions in the past two years to the world's fund of knowledge of UNK and space science. These discoveries are of present interest chiefly to the scientific UNK but they are important foundation stones for more extensive exploration of outer space for the ultimate benefit of all mankind. Second, our military missile program, going forward so UNK does not suffer from our present lack of very large rocket UNK which are necessary in distant space exploration. I am assured by experts that the thrust of our present missiles is fully adequate for defense requirements. Third, the United States is pressing forward in the development of large rocket engines to place vehicles of many tons into space for exploration purposes. Fourth, in the meantime, it is necessary to remember that we have only begun to probe the environment immediately surrounding the earth. Using launch systems presently available, we are developing satellites to UNK the world's UNK satellite UNK stations to facilitate and extend communications over the UNK for UNK aids to give accurate bearings to ships and UNK and for perfecting instruments to collect and transmit the data we UNK UNK we have just completed a year's experience with our new space law. I believe it deficient in certain UNK UNK improvements will be submitted to the Congress UNK ## The accomplishment of the many tasks I have UNK to requires the continuous strengthening of the spiritual, intellectual, and economic UNK of American life. The steady purpose of our society is to assure justice, before God, for every individual. We must be ever alert that freedom does not UNK through the careless UNK of restrictive controls or the lack of courage to deal boldly with the issues of the day. A year ago, when I met with you, the nation was emerging from an economic UNK even though the signs of UNK prosperity were not then sufficiently convincing to the UNK Today our UNK strength is apparent to everyone. 1960 promises to be the most prosperous year in our history. Yet we continue to be afflicted by nagging UNK Among current problems that require UNK participated in by citizens as well as government, are: the need to protect the public interest in situations of prolonged labor-management UNK the persistent refusal to come to grips with a critical problem in one sector of American UNK the continuing threat of UNK together with the UNK tendency toward fiscal UNK in certain instances the denial to some of our citizens of equal protection of the law. The group, upon the issuance of its first press release on December 21, 1957, designated itself a UNK of UNK In the course of its inquiry, it took testimony from only seven witnesses. It heard Bang-Jensen twice and his lawyer, Adolf A& Berle, Jr&, once. Its second press release was on January 15, 1958, and it recommended that the secret papers be destroyed. It also implied that Paul Bang-Jensen had been UNK On January 18, Ernest Gross conducted a press conference at the U&N& lasting an hour. Here, he openly attacked Bang-Jensen and referred to his UNK conduct". This conference was held despite UNK assurance to Adolf Berle, who was leaving the same day for Puerto Rico, that nothing would be done until his return on January 22, except that the Secretary General would probably order the list destroyed. On January 24 Paul UNK accompanied by Adolf Berle, was met by UNK UNK and Colonel Frank UNK former Police Chief of UNK UNK and now head of U&N& special police. The four, UNK in UNK mounted to the UNK roof of the U&N& There, UNK lit a fire in a wire UNK and Bang-Jensen dropped four sealed UNK into the UNK In one of these he said were notes on the identities of the UNK UNK The method of destroying the evidence embarrassed Paul UNK He knew it would be implied that it was done in this way at his UNK He was right, and Peter Marshall could not help but recall Andrew UNK words on the subject, "Well, it seemed as good a place as any to do the job". The Gross group had been formed for the express purpose of UNK the Secretary General. Hammarskjold's supposed desire to seek outside legal advice in the guise of Ernest Gross is illusion, at best. UNK being UNK the U&N& applied only to a physical state, not an objective one. But by the time the papers were finally disposed of, the group had informed the world of its purpose, its UNK and its belief that Paul Bang-Jensen was not of sound mind. Shortly the group would issue its report to the Secretary General, recommending Paul Bang-Jensen's dismissal from the United Nations. The contents of this UNK document would become known to many before it would become known to the man it was written about. ## UNK this Hungarian Committee matter came up, Bang-Jensen was a fine and devoted individual. I had known him for some years, when I was a delegate and before, and this manner had never been UNK Ernest A& Gross leaned back in his chair and told Peter Marshall how Secretary General Dag Hammarskjold had, on December UNK called him in as a private lawyer to review Bang-Jensen's conduct UNK to his association with the Special Committee on the problem of UNK The result was the UNK UNK prepared by Gross, as chairman, with the assistance of two U&N& Under UNK UNK Stavropoulos and UNK de UNK UNK Gross went on, UNK was an UNK young man. He had always done well. Never well known, but he had done his work competently **h". Gross had received Marshall UNK and they were discussing the case. "You know", the lawyer said, UNK difficult to talk like this about a man who can't answer UNK Gross was behind a UNK desk, only a UNK UNK before him. Marshall sat in one of the several leather UNK Outside the office windows, twenty-four stories above Wall Street, a light rain was falling. "Mr& Gross, your report says that UNK function is investigative and advisory and does not in any way UNK from or prejudice Mr& Bang-Jensen's rights as a staff UNK You know, Bang-Jensen characterized your Committee as having UNK his UNK Gross swung his UNK chair. "Well, how could that have UNK I don't consider that he was UNK We were given a job and we carried it out, and later, his case was taken up by the UNK Committee **h. "We have nothing to hide under a UNK We did our job, Mr& Stavropoulos and Mr& de UNK and myself, taking evidence from a number of people". "What did you think about his mental UNK "I think our report sums up our UNK Gross answered. "Don't forget, here was a man who had been accusing his colleagues for almost a year of UNK attempting to present an incorrect report **h. "This was not merely alleging errors, but was carried out by UNK allegations in UNK written charges of serious consequence **h. "This is a distressing thing. UNK you or I were being accused in this manner, and yet we were doing our level best to carry on our work. No organization can carry on like that. "I've been in government and I can tell some pretty UNK stories about personnel difficulties, so I know what a problem he UNK "What I'd like you to comment on is the criticism leveled at your UNK "What do you UNK "For instance, regarding the fact that the Gross Committee issued two interim announcements to the press during its investigation. You know Bang-Jensen was told the Committee was UNK convey its views, suggestions and recommendations to the Secretary UNK In his own words, Bang-Jensen UNK it for granted that the Group would report to the Secretary General privately and not in UNK He claimed that the release of the preliminary findings was UNK to his UNK Gross UNK For an instant he UNK UNK at Marshall. UNK he said. "I thought the entire report was going to be confidential from beginning to end. But you know Bang-Jensen launched an active campaign against us in the press. It was getting so that we, the Committee, were being tried. You can find it in the UNK "Well, as a matter of fact, I've looked through UNK files of New York papers for December, 1957, and haven't found a great UNK Gross shot another look at Marshall. "It wasn't necessarily all here in New York. Don't forget the foreign UNK "Then what about the second interim public UNK This cited Bang-Jensen's UNK UNK "The reason for that report was to settle the matter of the list. As far as I'm concerned, it was a separate matter from the general Committee study of Bang-Jensen's UNK The January fifteen report recommended that Bang-Jensen be instructed to burn the UNK the UNK in the presence of a U&N& Security UNK "How about your press conference three days UNK what was the reason for that? Bang-Jensen said you told correspondents that you had checked in advance to make sure the term UNK UNK was not UNK He claimed you made other UNK UNK Gross paused and repeated himself. "The entire object of the press conference was to clarify the problem of the list, since many in the press were UNK the U&N& about it. What was the UNK I don't know. Bang-Jensen never explained what the documents or papers were that he had in his UNK "It was foolish of him to keep them, whatever they were. He could have been UNK or his family might have been UNK Of course the matter caught the public's attention. We attempted to conclude this, and did so by having the papers burned. UNK didn't like the way it was carried out. It was a sort of UNK affair. Hammarskjold believes the U&N& is an organization that UNK matters in a procedural way **h". Peter Marshall UNK If Hammarskjold had not wanted the list disposed of in this manner, and if Bang-Jensen had not wanted it- who had ordered it? "Mr& Gross, concerning the formation of your Committee, there's the fact that you have been a legal adviser to the U&N& in the past; as I understand it, Mr& Hammarskjold wanted UNK advice. Could you comment on that"? "I've served as a counsel for the U&N& for some years, specializing particularly in real estate matters or other problems that the regular U&N& legal staff might not be equipped to UNK Mr& Stavropoulos is the U&N& legal chief and a very good man, but he is not fully UNK on some technical points of American law". "What did you think about Bang-Jensen's contention of errors and UNK in the Hungarian UNK Marshall asked. UNK Gross answered. "Why, UNK Shann went over and over the report with UNK UNK trying to check them out. Even after the incident between Bang-Jensen and Shann in the UNK Lounge **h and this was not the way the UNK Tribune> presented it". Gross reached in his desk and pulled out two newspaper UNK One was an article on the U&N& by Alice UNK from the UNK UNK The other was by UNK Manley in the UNK Daily UNK Gross pointed to the Manley story. "I know UNK he's a friend of mine. He probably didn't mean to write it this way, or maybe he did. There wasn't any UNK UNK between Bang-Jensen and UNK as the UNK puts it. That implies that Shann was on the enemy side. You see what I UNK How it's phrased UNK the word UNK "The case was that Bang-Jensen came up to Shann claiming he had found further errors in the report. UNK found errors and I want you to look them UNK So once again Shann had to argue with him about this. But it wasn't a violent discussion. And after all this, Shann went over all that Bang-Jensen had brought up". UNK own report, Peter Marshall UNK describes the encounter as UNK Bang-Jensen was in UNK UNK Gross stopped briefly, then went on. UNK was responsible for the report. He has felt terrible about all this. It was a good report, he did all he could to make it a good report. When I speak of how Shann felt, I know well. Don't forget, I am an old member of the club, a former UNK I think you are being unfair to take these things up now. "You know, this hits in many areas. It appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation. Don't forget, the U&N& did no more than the United States did **h it takes a great deal of sophisticated thought to get the impact of this UNK #CHAPTER UNK FROM THE HOME of his friend, UNK UNK in Washington, D&C&, Paul Bang-Jensen sent a telegram dated December 9, 1957, to Ernest UNK It said in UNK "**h the matters to be considered are obviously of a grave character, and I therefore UNK request that the hearing be postponed for two weeks in order that I might make adequate UNK Ernest Gross replied the next day, putting the suspended UNK fears to rest. "This reveals some misunderstanding on your part. The group conducting the review is not holding formal UNK It wished to UNK in the course of this review, questions arising from the body of material already in its possession **h". It sounded like a fair enough UNK Peter Marshall UNK and Bang-Jensen must have thought so too, because on the UNK he met the group of three on the UNK floor of the UNK There, Ernest Gross further assured him: "We were requested by the Secretary General, as I understand it, to discuss with you such matters as appear to us to be relevant, and we are not of course either a formal group or a committee in the sense of being guided by any rules or regulations of the UNK <The only rules which I think we shall follow will be those of common sense, justice, and UNK Peter Marshall noted that Bang-Jensen had later referred to his two interviews with the Gross group as UNK UNK and after his second meeting on the sixteenth the UNK refused to attend further hearings without legal counsel. Marshall pondered the reason for this, and pondered too the replacement of one member of the three-man group. J& A& C& UNK after serving Gross one week, left for England. Fortunately the hole was found at last and UNK Another week passed and even the missionaries were enjoying the voyage. The sickness was gone and, after all, the two young couples were on their honeymoon. The only lasting difficulty was the food. In spite of UNK UNK explicit instructions regarding variation of meals, the food did not seem the same as at home. "Everything UNK differently from what it does on land and those things I was most fond of at home, I loathed the most here", Ann noted. At last they concluded that the heavy, full feeling in their UNK was due to lack of exercise. UNK was the UNK they decided, but a deck full of chicken UNK and UNK was hardly suitable. UNK was the alternative. A rope was found and, like children in school, the missionaries skipped for hours at a time. Finally, UNK of so monotonous a form of exercise, they decided to dance instead. It was much more fun, reminding the girls of their old carefree days in the UNK UNK room at UNK The weather turned warmer and with it came better appetites, although Harriet was still a little UNK She could not face coffee or tea without milk, and was always UNK types of food that were not available aboard a sailing ship. By now she was sure she was going to have a baby, deciding it would be born in India or Burma that November. She was more excited than frightened at the prospect of having her first child in a foreign land. The crew of the <Caravan> never failed to UNK Ann, who during her stay in Salem must frequently have overheard strong UNK language. She wrote in her journal, "I have not heard the least UNK language since I have been on board the vessel. This is very UNK She was now enjoying the voyage very much. Even the first wave of UNK had passed, although there were moments when Captain Heard pointed out on his compass the direction of Bradford that she felt a little UNK at her heart. As for UNK she found him to be "the UNK of UNK On UNK with the permission of Captain UNK who usually attended with two of his officers, services were held in the double UNK Sometimes a ship would be sighted and the <Caravan> pass so close that people could easily be seen on the distant UNK Captain Heard did not communicate with any strange vessels because of the possibility of war between the United States and Britain. As warmer temperatures were encountered Ann and Harriet were introduced to the pleasures of bathing daily in salt water. When May came the <Caravan> had already crossed the UNK They were sailing round the Cape of Good UNK the weather had turned wet and cold. At this time Harriet wrote in a letter which after their finally landing in India was sent to her UNK "I care not how soon we reach UNK and are placed in a still room, with a bowl of milk and a loaf of Indian bread. I can hardly think of this simple fare without UNK oh, what a luxury. I have been so weary of the excessive rocking of the UNK and the almost UNK smell after the rain, that I have done little more than UNK on the bed for several days. But I have been blest with excellent spirits, and UNK have been running about the UNK and UNK in our room for UNK as well as UNK While studying at the UNK in UNK Adoniram had been working on a New Testament translation from the original Greek. He had brought it along to continue during the voyage. There was one particular word that troubled his conscience. This was the Greek word most often translated as UNK UNK a UNK he had been baptized as a tiny baby in the usual manner by having a few drops of water sprinkled on his head, yet nowhere in the whole of the New Testament could he find a description of anybody being baptized by UNK John the Baptist used total UNK in the River Jordan for UNK even Christ was baptized by this method. The more Adoniram looked at the Greek word for UNK the more unhappy he became over its true meaning. As was only natural he confided his UNK to Ann, UNK UNK that it certainly looked as if their own Congregationalists were wrong and the UNK right. Ann was very UNK By this time she had learned that it was futile to argue with her young husband, yet the uncomfortable fact UNK the American Congregationalists were sending them as missionaries to the Far East and paying their UNK What would happen if Adoniram UNK horses in UNK UNK and Congregationalists in New England were on friendly terms. How embarrassing it would be if the newly appointed UNK missionaries should suddenly switch their own beliefs in order to embrace Baptist UNK "If you become a UNK I will UNK Ann informed her husband, but sweeping her threat aside Adoniram continued to search for an answer to the personal dilemma in which he found himself. By early June they were a hundred miles off the coast of UNK by which time all four missionaries were hardened UNK Even Harriet could boldly write, "I know not how it UNK but I hear the thunder UNK see the lightning UNK and the waves threatening to swallow up the UNK and yet remain UNK Ann UNK to the sight of a delicate UNK and two strange tropical birds. Land was UNK and on June 12, one hundred and fourteen days after leaving America, they actually saw, twenty miles away, the coast of UNK Captain Heard gave orders for the ship to be anchored in the Bay of UNK until he could obtain the services of a reputable pilot to steer her through the shallow waters. Sometimes ships waited for days for such a man, but Captain Heard was UNK Next day a ship arrived with an English pilot, his UNK an English youth, and the first UNK the UNK and UNK had ever seen. A little man with a "a dark copper UNK skin, he was wearing UNK UNK and a white cotton short UNK Ann was plainly disappointed in his appearance. "He looks as feminine as you can UNK she decided. The pilot possessed excellent skill at his UNK all day long the <Caravan> slowly made her way through the difficult UNK Alas, to UNK UNK his language while thus employed left much to be desired. He swore so loudly at the top of his voice, that she didn't get any sleep all the next night. Next morning the <Caravan> was out of the treacherous Bay. UNK of the major part of his responsibility for the safety of the ship, the UNK UNK became UNK UNK she moved up the UNK River, a mouth of the mighty UNK toward UNK Ann was entranced with the view, as were her husband and friends. UNK across the UNK which was empty now that the livestock had been killed and UNK they sniffed the UNK UNK that came from the shore, each pointing out new and exciting wonders to the other. Out came the journal and in it went UNK own description of the UNK "On each side of the UNK where we are now UNK are the UNK UNK as thick together as the houses in our UNK They are very small, and in the form of UNK without either chimney or windows. They are situated in the midst of trees, which hang over them, and appear truly UNK The grass and fields of rice are perfectly green, and herds of cattle are everywhere feeding on the banks of the river, and the natives are scattered about differently employed. Some are fishing, some driving the team, and many are sitting UNK on the banks of the river. The UNK we have passed are much larger than the UNK Harriet was just as UNK Where were the hardships she had UNK She was certain now that it would be no harder to bear her child here in such pleasant surroundings than at home in the big white house in UNK With childlike innocence she wrote of the Indians as UNK with fruit and umbrellas in their hands, with the UNK children around them **h. This is the most delightful UNK I have ever UNK she decided. The Indians who came aboard ship to collect the mail also interested her UNK even if she was UNK UNK according to the customs of the society in which she had been reared, to find them UNK except a piece of cotton cloth wrapped around their UNK At last they saw UNK largest city of UNK and the UNK UNK UNK August 24, UNK by UNK UNK of the East India Company, and commonly called "The City of UNK it seemed a vast and elegant place to Ann UNK UNK Solid brick buildings painted dazzling white, large domes and tall, picturesque palms stretched as far as the eye could see, while the UNK and harbor were filled with UNK sailing ships. The noise stunned her. UNK UNK through the waterfront streets UNK loudly in their UNK UNK tongue. UNK mouth watered with anticipation when after months of dreaming she sat down at last to her UNK milk and fresh bread. Ann, pleased to see her friend happy, was UNK by the new fruits a friend of Captain Heard had sent on board for their enjoyment. UNK she sampled her first pineapple and another fruit whose taste she UNK to that of "a rich UNK Though she did not then know its name, this strange new fruit was a UNK UNK The first act of Adoniram and Samuel on reaching UNK was to report at the police station, a necessity when landing in East India Company territory. On the way they tried to discover all they could about Burma, and they were disturbed to find that Michael UNK book had not presented an altogether true picture. He had failed to realize that the Burmese were not really treating him as the important visitor he considered himself. They were in fact quietly laughing at him, for their King wished to have nothing to do with the Western world. When Captain John UNK of Salem had visited Burma in 1793 his ship, the UNK had been promptly UNK and taken by her UNK up the UNK River. Although after much trouble he did manage to get it back, he discovered there was no trade to be had. All Captain UNK took back to Salem were a few items for the town's East India Museum. A year later another Salem ship returned from Burma with a cargo of gum UNK which nobody wanted to UNK After that Salem ships decided to bypass unfriendly UNK The Burmese appeared to have little knowledge of British power or any idea of trade. They UNK UNK UNK Burmese UNK could, on the slightest UNK take a man's life. As for UNK even if they succeeded in getting into the country they probably would not be allowed to preach the Christian faith to the UNK UNK UNK or even execution might well be their fate. "Go back to America or any other UNK well-meaning friends of Captain Heard advised them, "but put thoughts of going to Burma out of your UNK Somewhat UNK the two American missionaries reached the police station where they were questioned by a most unfriendly clerk. When he discovered they had received from the Company's Court of UNK no permission to live in India, coupled with the fact that they were Americans who had been sent to Asia to convert "the UNK he became more belligerent than ever. They explained that they desired only to stop in India until a ship traveling on to Burma could be found. She UNK first, the imaginary reaction of a UNK puzzled by this UNK UNK he is answered by a confused, honest UNK The reasons for the Whig joy on this occasion are found to be their expectation of regaining control of the government, their delight at the prospect of a new war, their hopes of having the Tories UNK and so on. As for the author of the <Englishman,> Mrs& Manley UNK deplores that the sole defense of the Protestant cause should be left to UNK Dick UNK and their UNK with the UNK of UNK UNK UNK Another controversy typical of the war between the <Englishman> and the UNK centered on Robert (later UNK UNK a Whig leader in Ireland and a member of the Irish Privy Council. On December 21, the day that the Irish House of UNK petitioned for removal of Sir Constantine UNK their Tory Lord UNK Molesworth reportedly made this remark on the defense of UNK by UNK "They that have turned the world upside down, are come UNK UNK Upon complaints from the Lower House of UNK to the House of UNK he was removed from the Privy Council, his remark having been represented as a blasphemous UNK to the clergy. UNK who had earlier praised Molesworth in UNK No& UNK now defended him in <Englishman> No& UNK depicting his removal as a setback to the Constitution. On the other hand, Molesworth was naturally assailed in the Tory press. Swift, in the UNK edition of <A UNK to the Bishop of UNK UNK indicated his feelings by including UNK along with UNK UNK and Collins, in the group of those who, like UNK are engaged in attacking all UNK of the clergy. In the same way he coupled Molesworth and UNK in a letter to Archbishop King, and he had earlier described him as "the worst of UNK in some UNK on the Irish Privy Council submitted to UNK A month later, in <The Publick Spirit of the Whigs,> he used Steele's defense of Molesworth as evidence of his UNK for the clergy, calling Steele's position an UNK to the UNK UNK of UNK On this issue, then, as on so many in these months, Steele and Swift took rigidly opposed points of view. In the early months of UNK the battle between Swift and Steele over the issue of the UNK entered its major phase. The UNK ended with the publication of Steele's UNK on January 19, and from that point on the fight proceeded at a rapid pace. In answer to <The UNK Swift produced <The Publick Spirit of the Whigs,> his most extensive and bitter attack on his old friend. By this time, as we shall see, the Tories were already planning to UNK Steele for his political writing by UNK him from the House of UNK Despite his defense of himself in the final paper of the <Englishman> and in his speech before the House, their efforts were successful. Steele lost his seat in UNK and his personal quarrel with Swift, by now a public issue, thus reached its climax. Of all the Whig tracts written in support of the UNK <The UNK is perhaps the most significant. Certainly it is the most pretentious and UNK Hanoverian agents assisted in promoting UNK said to have reached UNK and if one may judge by the reaction of Swift and other government writers, the work must have had considerable impact. Steele's main business here is to arouse public opinion to the immediate danger of a Stuart UNK To this end, the first and UNK section of the tract cites all the laws enacted since the Revolution to defend England against the UNK Power of a UNK UNK In his comment on these laws Steele sounds all the usual notes of current Whig propaganda, ranging from a criticism of the Tory peace to an attack on the dismissal of UNK but his principal theme is that the intrigues of the UNK "our UNK or UNK UNK pose an immediate threat to Church and State. Like UNK he deplores the indifference of the people in the face of the crisis. UNK books striking at the Hanoverian UNK he UNK are allowed to pass UNK In this connection, Swift, too, is drawn in for UNK "The Author of the UNK of the Allies has dared to drop UNK about altering the UNK In his effort to stir the public from its UNK Steele goes so far as to list Catholic UNK of the sort to be expected in the event of a Stuart UNK and, with rousing UNK he asserts that the only preservation from these UNK is to be found in the laws he has so UNK UNK "It is no time", he writes, "to talk with UNK and UNK but openly and honestly to profess our UNK before our UNK have UNK and put their UNK in UNK against us". Steele apparently professed his sentiments in this book too openly and honestly for his own good, since the government was soon to use it as evidence against him in his trial before the House. In the final issues of the <Englishman,> which ended just as the new session of Parliament began, he provided his enemies with still more UNK For example, No& 56 printed the patent giving the UNK Prince the title of Duke of UNK In a few months the Duke was to be the center of a controversy of some significance on the UNK question of the Protestant UNK At the order of the UNK UNK the Hanoverian agents, supported by the Whig leaders, demanded that a writ of UNK be issued which would call the Duke to England to sit in UNK thus further insuring the UNK by establishing a Hanoverian Prince in England before the UNK death. Anne was UNK and UNK advised that the request be UNK Oxford, realizing that the law required the issuance of the UNK took the opposite view, for which the Queen never UNK him. Accordingly the request was granted, but the UNK himself, who had not been consulted by his mother, rejected the proposal and recalled his agent UNK whose UNK handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made UNK dismissal more likely than ever. Steele in this paper is indicating his sympathy for such a plan. A few days after this <Englishman> appeared, Defoe reported to Oxford that Steele was expected to move in Parliament that the Duke be called UNK Defoe then commented, "If they Could UNK that young UNK into Their UNK They would show themselves quickly, for they are not UNK to Say They want UNK a head to Make a UNK The final issue of the <Englishman,> No& 57 for February 15, ran to some length and was printed as a separate UNK entitled <The UNK Being the Close of the Paper UNK Steele's purpose is to present a general defense of his political writing and a resume of the themes which had occupied him in the UNK but there is much here also which bears directly on his personal quarrel with Swift. Thus he UNK with considerable justice, that the Tory writers have resorted to UNK instead of answering his UNK His birth, education, and fortune, he says, have all been UNK simply because he has spoken with the freedom of an UNK and he assures the reader that UNK talks with me, is speaking to a UNK UNK As notable examples of this UNK he quotes passages from the UNK "that UNK of all UNK and <The UNK of Richard UNK which he here attributes to Swift. Though put in rather UNK terms, Steele's defense of himself has a reasonable basis. His point is simply that the Tories have UNK him with personal UNK despite the fact that as a private subject he has a right to speak on political matters without UNK the UNK of the UNK He claims, too, that his political convictions are simply those which are called UNK UNK and which are accepted by moderate men in both parties. The final section of this UNK is of special interest in a consideration of Steele's relations with Swift. It UNK to be a letter from Steele to a friend at court, who, in Miss UNK opinion, could only be meant as Swift. Steele first answers briefly the charges which his UNK old UNK has made about his UNK on UNK and his UNK Then he launches into an attack on the Tory ministers, whom he calls the "New UNK by this term he means to ridicule their professions of acting in the interest of the Church despite their own education and manner of life- a UNK in other words, at the UNK in UNK family and at UNK reputed UNK The Tory leaders, he UNK are UNK using the Church as a political UNK to increase party friction and keep themselves in power. This is the principal point made in this final section of <Englishman> No& 57, and it caps Steele's efforts in his other writing of these months to counteract the notion of the Tories as a UNK UNK supported by the body of the clergy. Next, Steele turns his attention to the UNK he is UNK He explains that there are sometimes honorable UNK but that too often a man who succeeds at court does not hesitate to sacrifice his UNK and nation to his own UNK and ambition. UNK he UNK is the case with his friend, who is not really a new convert himself but merely a UNK of new UNK If UNK the UNK is really to be taken as Swift, the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on UNK change of parties and its effect on their UNK "I assure you, dear UNK when I first found out such an UNK in you, as makes you of so UNK a Constitution, that you may be worked into any Form an UNK UNK I UNK I should not enjoy your UNK much longer". He closes his UNK by demanding that UNK be UNK that the UNK be forced to move farther away from the coast of England, and that the Queen and the House of Hanover come to a better understanding. The last point was soon to be included in the UNK remarks used against him in Parliament. The UNK during Steele's trial a month later, printed an answer from the UNK addressed to UNK UNK at UNK UNK He reviews Steele's entrance into politics and finds that his present difficulties are due to his habit of attributing to his own abilities and talents achievements which more properly should be credited to the indulgence of his friends. Once more, in other words, Steele is said to be indebted to Swift for his UNK this was the form in which their private UNK most often appeared in the Tory press, especially the UNK In <The Publick Spirit of the Whigs,> it may be noted, Swift himself UNK dismissed Steele's reference to his friend at UNK "I suppose by the UNK of UNK UNK and the like, it must be some Body UNK of his own UNK among whom, his Party have indeed more UNK than I could UNK On February 16, Steele took his seat in Parliament. By now he was undergoing a fresh torrent of abuse from Tory papers and pamphlets, and action was being taken to effect his punishment by UNK from Parliament. On the very day that the parliamentary session began, another UNK UNK appeared, entitled <A Letter from the UNK Dr& Andrew UNK at UNK to the UNK UNK UNK It is filled with the usual personal abuse of UNK especially of his physical UNK in the opening paragraph, too, Steele is accused of extreme UNK of giving UNK the preference to all the learned, his UNK from Dr& UNK himself, even down to UNK UNK of the UNK When Harold Arlen returned to California in the winter of 1944, it was to take up again a collaboration with Johnny Mercer, begun some years before. The film they did after his return was an UNK bit of nothing titled UNK of This World,> a satire on the Sinatra UNK UNK The twist lay in using UNK UNK voice on the sound track while leading man Eddie UNK UNK the words. If nothing else, at least two good songs came out of the project, UNK of This UNK and UNK UNK Around Every UNK Though they would produce some very memorable and lasting songs, Arlen and Mercer were not given strong material to work on. Their first collaboration came close. Early in 1941 they were assigned to a script titled UNK UNK It purported to be a reasonably serious attempt at a treatment of jazz musicians, their UNK their problems- the UNK between the "pure" and the UNK and seemed a promising vehicle, for the two men shared a common interest in jazz. Johnny Mercer practically grew up with the sound of jazz and the blues in his ears. He was born in Savannah, Georgia, in UNK His father, George A& Mercer, was descended from an honored Southern family that could trace its ancestry back to one Hugh Mercer, who had UNK from Scotland in UNK The UNK father was a lawyer who had UNK out into real estate. His second wife, UNK was the mother of John H& UNK By the age of six young Johnny indicated that he had the call. One day he followed the Irish UNK UNK the town band, to a picnic and spent the entire day UNK while his family spent the day UNK The disappearance caused his family to assign a full-time maid to keeping an eye on the boy. But one afternoon Mrs& Mercer met her; both were obviously on the way to the Mercer home. The mother inquired, "Where's UNK and why did you leave UNK "There was nothing else I could UNK the maid answered, satisfied with a rather vague explanation. But Mrs& Mercer demanded more. The maid then told her, UNK he fired me". With her son UNK so strong a musical bent his mother could do little else but get him started on the study of music- though she waited until he was UNK beginning with the piano and following that with the UNK Young Mercer showed a remarkable lack of aptitude for both instruments. Still, he did like music making and even sang in the chapel choir of the UNK Forest School, near UNK Virginia, where he sounded fine but did not UNK too well. When he was fifteen John H& Mercer turned out his first song, a UNK little thing he called UNK UNK UNK Your UNK If his scholarship and formal UNK were not all they might have been, Mercer demonstrated at an early age that he was gifted with a remarkable ear for rhythm and UNK From his UNK in Savannah, Mercer had picked up, along with a soft Southern UNK traces also of the UNK UNK of Africa. Such speech differences made him acutely aware of the UNK and UNK of language. During the summers, while he was still in school, Mercer worked for his father's firm as a messenger boy. It generally took well into the autumn for the firm to recover from the summer's help. UNK give him things to UNK letters, UNK deeds and things like UNK remembers his UNK UNK still in the real estate business in Savannah, "and learn days later that he'd UNK stuffed them into his pocket. There they UNK This rather detached attitude toward life's UNK has seemed to be the dominant trait in Mercer's personality ever since. It is, however, a disarming UNK or perhaps a UNK for not only has Mercer proved himself to be one of the few great UNK over the years, but also one who can function remarkably under pressure. He has also enjoyed a successful career as an UNK (his records have sold in the UNK and is a sharp UNK He has also an extraordinary conscience. In 1927 his father's business UNK and, rather than go UNK Mercer senior turned his firm over to a bank for liquidation. He died before he could completely pay off his debts. Some years later the bank handling the Mercer liquidation received a check for UNK enough to clear up the UNK The check had been mailed from Chicago, the envelope bore no return address, and the check was not UNK "That's UNK sighed the bank president, "the UNK boy in the world, but UNK But Mercer's explanation was UNK "I made out the check and carried it around a few days UNK in case I lost it". When he remembered that he might have not signed the UNK Mercer made out another for the same amount, UNK the bank to destroy the UNK especially if he had happened to have UNK signed both of them. When the family business failed, Mercer left school and on his mother's UNK for she hoped that he would become an UNK he joined a local little theater group. When the UNK traveled to New York to participate in a UNK UNK and UNK Mercer, instead of returning with the rest of the company in UNK remained in New York. He had talked one other member of the group to stay with him, but that friend had tired of not eating regularly and returned to UNK But Mercer hung on, living, after a fashion, in a Greenwich Village UNK UNK "The place had no sink or UNK only a UNK his mother discovered when she visited him. UNK insisted on cooking a chicken dinner in my UNK he's always been a good UNK and I'll never forget him cleaning the chicken in the UNK A story, no doubt UNK for Mercer himself denies it, has him sporting a monacle in those Village days. Though merely clear glass, it was a distinctive trade mark for an UNK actor who hoped to UNK himself upon the memories of UNK One day in a bar, so the legend goes, someone put a beer UNK with too much force on the monacle and broke it. The innocent UNK filled with that supreme sense of honor found in bars, insisted upon replacing the destroyed UNK and did, over the protests of the former UNK with a square UNK Mercer is supposed to have refused it with, UNK who wears a square monacle must be UNK Everett Miller, then assistant director for the UNK UNK a Theatre Guild production, needed a UNK for a song he had UNK he just happened not to need any actor at the moment, however. For him Mercer produced the lyric to UNK of UNK UNK to Death of UNK introduced in that most successful of all the UNK by Sterling UNK This 1930 edition also had songs in it by Vernon Duke and UNK UNK by E& UNK UNK and UNK and by Harry UNK UNK into such UNK song writing company encouraged the burgeoning song writer to take a wife, Elizabeth UNK a dancer in the UNK The UNK took up residence in Brooklyn, and Mercer found a regular job in Wall Street UNK stocks and UNK When he heard that Paul Whiteman was looking for singers to replace the UNK UNK Mercer applied and got the job, "not for my voice, I'm sure, but because I could write songs and material UNK While with the Whiteman band Mercer met Jerry UNK He had yet to meet Harold Arlen, for although they had UNK on UNK UNK UNK Mercer and UNK had worked from a lead sheet the composer had furnished them. The UNK Mercer remembers, was tailored to fit the unusual UNK Mercer's Whiteman association brought him into contact with UNK UNK whose UNK Mercer UNK as UNK in which form it became a hit and marked the real beginning of Mercer's UNK career. After leaving UNK Mercer joined the UNK UNK band as a UNK With the help of UNK UNK also in the band, he transformed a traditional Jewish melody into a popular song, "And the Angels UNK The UNK success of UNK and "And the Angels UNK could only lead to UNK where, besides Harold Arlen, Mercer collaborated with Harry Warren, Jimmy Van UNK Richard UNK Walter UNK Jerome UNK and Arthur UNK Mercer has also written both music and lyrics for several songs. He may be the only song writer ever to have collaborated with a secretary of the U& S& UNK he collaborated on a song with William Hartman UNK who was Secretary of the Treasury, UNK When Johnny Mercer and Harold Arlen began their collaboration in 1940, Mercer, like Arlen, had several substantial film songs to his UNK among them UNK for UNK UNK UNK UNK "Have You Got Any UNK UNK and UNK UNK for UNK (all with Richard UNK with Harry Warren he did "The Girl Friend of the UNK UNK UNK UNK and "You Must Have UNK a UNK UNK Mercer's lyrics are characterized by an UNK ear for rhythmic UNK a UNK sense of humor expressed in language with a UNK UNK Though versatile and capable of turning out a ballad lyric with the best of them, Mercer's UNK is a highly polished UNK UNK His UNK UNK working methods, often as not <in UNK were an abrupt change from UNK so that Arlen had to adjust again to another approach to UNK There were times that he worked with both UNK simultaneously. Speaking of his work with Johnny Mercer, Arlen says, "Our working habits were UNK After we got a script and the spots for the songs were blocked out, we'd get together for an hour or so every day. While Johnny made himself comfortable on the UNK I'd play the tunes for him. He has a wonderfully UNK memory. After I would finish playing the songs, he'd just go away without a comment. I wouldn't hear from him for a couple of weeks, then he'd come around with the completed UNK Arlen is one of the few UNK the UNK composer Mercer has been able to work with so UNK for they held their meetings in UNK study. "Some guys bothered me", Mercer has said. "I couldn't write with them in the same room with me, but I could with UNK He is probably our most original UNK he often uses very odd rhythms, which makes it difficult, and UNK for the lyric UNK While Arlen and Mercer collaborated on UNK UNK Mercer worked also with Arthur Schwartz on another film, UNK UNK Arlen, too, worked on other projects at the same time with old friend Ted UNK Besides doing a single song, "When the Sun UNK UNK they worked on the ambitious <Americanegro UNK for voices and piano, as well as songs for films. The <Americanegro UNK is in a sense an extension of the Cotton Club songs in that it is a collection of Negro songs, not for a night club, but for the concert stage. The work had its beginning in UNK with an UNK musical strain to which UNK set the words UNK be no more UNK UNK be no more UNK matching the spiritual feeling of the UNK This grew into the song UNK Time UNK By September 1940 the suite had developed into a collection of six songs, UNK UNK a dream, and a UNK The Negro composer Hall Johnson studied the <Americanegro UNK and said of it, "Of all the many songs written by white composers and employing what claims to be a UNK UNK in both words and music, these six songs by Harold Arlen and Ted UNK easily stand far out above the rest. UNK modern in treatment, they are at the same time, full of simple sincerity which invariably characterizes genuine Negro UNK and are by no means to be confused with the average UNK UNK which depend for their racial flavor upon sundry allusions to the UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and a frustrated UNK with a few random UNK thrown in for good measure. I feel obliged to describe this UNK It had a single UNK stall and but one cabinet for the UNK of the UNK It was here that the UNK UNK Moon played an UNK role during the children's party. A much larger room, adjacent to the UNK served as a UNK to and from the UNK toilet. That UNK room was large enough for- well, say an elephant could get into it **h and, as a matter of fact, an elephant UNK **h Something occurred on the morning of the children's party which may illustrate the kind of trouble our restricted UNK facilities caused us. It so happened that sports writer Arthur Robinson got out of the hospital that morning after promising his doctor that he would be back in an hour or two to continue his UNK Arthur Robinson traveled with the baseball clubs as staff correspondent for the UNK He was ghost writer for Babe Ruth, whose main talent for literary composition was the signing of his UNK UNK was a war veteran with UNK knees. He arrived on UNK at the Newspaper Club with one of his great UNK Oliver UNK artist, author, and foe of UNK Mr& UNK appearance was that of a frustrated UNK He seemed UNK UNK UNK wore nose glasses from which a black ribbon UNK and was no bigger than a UNK Robinson asked Herford to escort him to the club's UNK before they sat down for a UNK and a game of UNK In the UNK after UNK and his UNK were properly UNK Mr& Herford went to the adjoining UNK He had barely assumed his stance there when a fat fellow charged through the doorway. Without any regard for UNK UNK the UNK stranger almost knocked Herford off his UNK The UNK said nothing, but stood to one side. He waited a long time. Nothing was said, nothing UNK The unrelieved stranger eventually turned away from the place of UNK shall we dare say his UNK to go to the door. Mr& Herford touched the fat man's arm. UNK me, sir. May I say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old UNK the younger UNK if memory serves me- which, translated freely from the archaic Latin, says, UNK more UNK the less UNK Governor Alfred E& Smith was the official host at the children's party. United States Senator Royal S& UNK was wearing the UNK of Santa UNK and a great white UNK the UNK Robert UNK UNK at that time a justice of the New York Supreme Court, was on the reception committee. I was in charge of the UNK which were soon enough UNK I had had difficulties from the very first day. When, in my UNK I proposed the party, my city editor (who disliked the club and many of its UNK tried to block my participation in the gala event. Even earlier than that he had resented the fact that I had been chosen to UNK the club's UNK City editor Victor Watson of the New York <American> was a man of brooding suspicions and mysterious shifts of mood. Mr& Hearst's telegraphic code word for Victor Watson was UNK The staff saw in him the qualities of a Don UNK hence, as mentioned before, his nickname "the UNK The Hetman's physical aspects were not those of a savage rider of the UNK Indeed, he looked more like a UNK lay brother of the UNK of St& UNK Nor were his manners UNK He had a purring voice and UNK player's immobility of features which somehow conveyed the feeling that he knew where all the bodies were UNK He was the son of a Scottish father and an American Jewish mother, long UNK with whom he lived in a comfortable home in UNK He had worked in the newspaper business since he was nineteen years old, always for the Hearst service. From the very first he regarded himself as Mr& Hearst's UNK UNK and afterward his prime minister, UNK It was said that the Hetman plotted to take over the entire Hearst newspaper empire one day by means of various UNK the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course, the UNK of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to Mr& UNK Whatever the Hetman's ambitions, his colleagues were kept ill at ease. Among the outstanding members of the Hearst cabinet whom he successfully opposed for a time were the great Arthur UNK Bradford UNK UNK UNK and Colonel Van UNK He also disliked Runyon, for no good reason other than the fact that the UNK talent was so marked as to put him well beyond the Hetman's UNK or his supervision. Runyon, for his part, had a contemptuous regard for Mr& UNK "He's a UNK said Runyon, "and I wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw the UNK of UNK Arthur UNK Baer wrote to me just recently, UNK wanted to die in UNK with his head towards the UNK He supported his mother and his brother, who afterwards committed suicide. Watson told me that his brother always sent UNK to his mother, blossoms bought with UNK allowance to him. UNK would you believe UNK Vic added, UNK likes him better than she does me. UNK About the only time the Hetman seemed excited was when one of his own pet ideas was UNK Then he would get to his feet, as though rising in honor of his own remarkable powers, and say almost UNK UNK this is an amazing UNK It's bigger than the UNK Some of the Hetman's UNK were UNK vaguely UNK and at times UNK One day he assigned me to lay bare a UNK by the UNK to supply UNK to a wholly UNK revolution he said was about to occur in Cuba. He said that his information was so secret that he would not be able to UNK in me the origin of his pipeline UNK "I can tell you this much", he said. It's bigger than the UNK I worked for a day on this plainly ridiculous assignment and consulted several of my own well-informed sources. Then I spent the next two days at the baseball park and at Jack UNK pool UNK When I returned to make my report, the Hetman did not remember having sent me on the secret mission. He was busy, he said, in having someone submit to a UNK operation. And I was to go to work on that odd matter. I shall tell of it later on. The Hetman had a strong liking for a story, any story which was to be had by means of much UNK or by UNK methods. Most of my stories were obtained by simply seeking out the person who could give me the facts, and not as a rule by playing clever UNK One day I tired of following the Hetman's advice of UNK and of the UNK approach to a report that UNK UNK had pinched a UNK hip while visiting the Central Park monkey house. I explained my state of mind to artist UNK UNK and to UNK UNK Mr& Baer obtained a supply of UNK hair and UNK from an actor at the UNK We fashioned UNK put them on, and reported to the Hetman at the city UNK Mr& Baer had an UNK UNK like UNK Mr& UNK had on a sort of Emperor UNK beard and UNK As for myself, I had on an enormous black UNK This, together with a UNK hat and UNK UNK gave me the appearance of a Russian UNK "We are ready for your next mysterious UNK said Mr& Baer to the UNK "Where to, UNK Mr& Watson did not have much humor in his UNK but he managed a UNK smile. Just then a reporter telephoned in from the Bronx to give the rewrite desk an account of a murder. The Hetman told me to take the story over the phone and to write it. While I was sitting at one of the rewrite UNK with my UNK and my great UNK Arthur UNK UNK in with some editorial copy in his hand. He paused for a moment to look at me, then went on to the city desk to deliver his UNK column. I thought it expedient to take off my UNK my UNK and the UNK and also to change UNK I managed to do this by the time the great A&B& returned to the place where he last had seen the fierce UNK He stood there staring with disbelief at the vacant UNK Then he UNK his huge UNK and went slowly out of the room. He had a somewhat UNK expression. He had been UNK UNK The Hetman's UNK for news stories or editorial campaigns were by no means always UNK or lacking in merit. He campaigned successfully for the UNK of UNK UNK and also brought about the ending of pollution of metropolitan beaches by sewage. He exposed the UNK UNK with the able assistance of two excellent reporters, UNK UNK and Carl UNK In the conduct of these and many other campaigns, the Hetman proved to be a much UNK journalist than his critics allowed. It seems to me now, in a long backward glance, that many of the Hetman's UNK and odd UNK together with his grim posture when UNK the hatchet in the name of Mr& UNK were keyed with the tragedy which was to close over him one day. UNK rejected on every hand, UNK and in financial trouble, he leaped from an UNK window of the Abbey Hotel in 1937. One finds it difficult to pass UNK on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his UNK served UNK UNK UNK That word was withheld when the need of it seemed the measure of his despair. The UNK note, written in pencil upon the back of a used UNK and addressed to the UNK makes one wonder about many things: "God forgive me for everything. <I UNK **h" Much to UNK UNK amazement, as well as my own, I got along UNK with the UNK that is, until I became an editor, hence, in his eyes, a UNK Not long after Colonel Van Hamm had UNK me on the Watson staff I received a salary raise and a contract on the Hetman's recommendation. During the next years he gave me the second of the five contracts I would sign with the Hearst Service. It was a somewhat unusual thing for a reporter to have a contract in those days before the epidemic of UNK UNK I would like to believe that my ability UNK this UNK Somehow I think that Watson paid more attention to me than he otherwise might have because his UNK Colonel Van UNK wouldn't touch me with a UNK blue pencil. I remember one day when Mr& Hearst (and I never knew why <he> liked me, UNK sent the Hetman a UNK UNK find some more reporters like that young man from UNK Watson showed this wire to Colonel Van UNK The colonel UNK then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways. "Don't bother to look any further. We already UNK the only one of its kind". The Hetman did have friends, but they were mostly outside the newspaper profession. Sergeant Mike UNK Congressional Medal of Honor soldier, was one of them. Dr& UNK S& Gregory was another. I used to go with Watson to call on the eminent UNK at his apartment, to sit among the doctor's excellent collection of UNK paintings, and books and drink Oriental coffee while Watson seemed to thaw out and become almost UNK There was one time, however, when his face UNK and he suddenly UNK "Why did my brother commit UNK I cannot remember Dr& UNK reply, if, indeed, he made one. If she were not at home, Mama would see to it that a fresh white rose was there. Sometimes, Mrs& Coolidge would close herself in the Green UNK on the second floor, and play the piano she had brought to the White House. Mama knew she was playing her son's favorite pieces and feeling close to him, and did not disturb her. All the rest of the days in the White House would be UNK by the tragic loss, even though the President tried harder than ever to make his little dry jokes and to tease the people around him. A little boy came to give the President his personal UNK and the President gave word that any little boy who wanted to see him was to be shown in. UNK the maids cried a little over that, and the standing invitation was not mentioned to Mrs& UNK The President was even more generous with the First Lady than he had been before the tragedy. He would bring her boxes of candy and other presents to UNK a smile to her lips. He brought her UNK UNK were short in the days of Mrs& Coolidge, and Spanish UNK were thrown over them. He got her dozens of them. One UNK was so tremendous that she could not wear it, so she draped it over the UNK on the second floor, and it hung over the UNK The President used to look at it with a ghost of a smile. Mrs& Coolidge spent more time in her bedroom among her doll collection. She kept the dolls on the Lincoln bed. At night, when Mama would turn back the covers, she would have to take all the dolls off the bed and place them elsewhere for the night. Mama always felt that the collection symbolized Mrs& UNK wish for a little girl. Among the dolls was one that meant very much to the First UNK who would pick it up and look at it often. It had a tiny envelope tied to its UNK An accompanying sympathetic letter explained that inside the envelope was a name for Mrs& UNK first UNK Mama knew this doll was meant to help Mrs& Coolidge overcome her grief by turning her eyes to the future. The name inside the envelope was UNK The UNK life, after the death of their son, was quieter than ever. John was away at school most of the time. Mrs& Coolidge would UNK and the President would sit reading, or playing with the many UNK around them. Now and then, the President would call for "Little UNK Master of the UNK which was his nickname for a messenger who had worked in the White House since UNK Roosevelt's administration, and discuss the welfare of some one of the animals. It was part of Little Jack's work to look after the dogs. One White House dog was UNK in a painting. That was Rob UNK who posed with Mrs& Coolidge for the portrait by Howard Chandler UNK To get him to UNK Mrs& Coolidge would feed him UNK so he enjoyed the portrait sessions as well as she did. I would like to straighten out a misconception about the dress Mrs& Coolidge is wearing in this painting. It is not the same dress as the one on her UNK in the UNK People think the dress in the picture was UNK by an artist much later on. This is not true. The dress in the painting is a bright red, with UNK forming a spray on the right side. There is a long train flowing from the UNK Mrs& Coolidge gave Mama this dress for me, and I wore it many times. I still have the dress, and I hope to give it to the UNK Institution as a UNK or, as I more UNK hope, to present it to a museum containing articles showing the daily lives of the UNK if I can get it organized. But to get back to the Coolidge household, Mrs& Coolidge so obviously loved dogs, that the public sent her more UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK The last two were a red and a black UNK Rob Roy remained boss of all the dogs. He showed them what to do, and taught them how to keep the maids around the White House in a state of terror. The dogs would run through the UNK after him like a burst of bullets, and all the maids would run for cover. Mama didn't know what to do- whether to tell on Rob Roy or not- since she had the ear of Mrs& Coolidge more than the other UNK But she was afraid the First Lady would not understand, because Rob Roy was a perfect UNK with the First UNK Every day, when the President took his UNK Rob Roy would stretch out on the window seat near him, like a perfect gentleman, and stare thoughtfully out the window, or he would take a little UNK himself. He would not make a sound until the President had UNK and left for the UNK then he would bark to let everyone know the coast was clear. His signal was for the other dogs to come running, but it was also the signal for Mama and the other maids to watch out. Rob Roy was UNK to accompany the President to his office every morning. Rob Roy was well aware of the importance of this mission, and he would walk in front of the President, looking neither to the right nor to the left. At dinner, lunch, or breakfast, the President would call out, UNK he called all meals UNK after the UNK had announced the meal. All the dogs would dash to get on the elevator with the President and go to the dining room. They would all lie around on the rug during the meal, a very pretty sight as Rob UNK UNK and UNK Jane were all UNK When UNK and UNK were too young to be trusted in the dining room, they were tied to the radiator with their UNK and they would cry. Mama tried to talk to them and keep them quiet while she UNK up the sitting room before the First Family UNK Finally, Mama did mention to Mrs& Coolidge that she felt sorry for the little dogs, and then Mrs& Coolidge decided to leave the radio on for them while she was gone, even though her husband disapproved of the waste of electricity. Mama was now the first maid to Mrs& Coolidge, because UNK the previous first maid, had become ill and died. Mrs& Coolidge chose Mama in her place. It was a high mark for UNK Every First Family seems to have one couple upon whom it relies for true UNK For the UNK it was Mr& and Mrs& Frank W& Stearns of Boston, Massachusetts, owners of a large department store. They seemed to be at the White House half the time. The UNK were amused because when the Stearns were there, the President would say grace at UNK If the Stearns were not there, grace would be omitted. Speaking of breakfast, the President inaugurated a new UNK that of conducting business at the breakfast table. The word was that this too was part of an economy move on his part. A new bill had been passed under UNK that designated the Government, rather than the President, as the UNK for official UNK So the President would make a hearty breakfast official by inviting Government officials to attend. He caused a lot of talk when he also chose the breakfast hour to have the UNK come in and trim his hair while he UNK Mama said that if Presidents were supposed to be colorful, Mr& Coolidge certainly made a good president. He knew exactly how to be UNK The favorite guest of the house, as far as the staff was concerned, was Mr& UNK the chewing gum king. The White House had chewing gum until it could UNK no more, and every UNK Mr& UNK sent the President a check for UNK to be divided among all the help. You can imagine that he got pretty good service. Another good friend of the UNK was George B& UNK who was the Ambassador to Great Britain from 1921 to 1923. He had been a friend of the UNK and continued to be invited by the UNK The first royalty whom Mama ever waited on in the White House was Queen Marie of UNK who came to a State dinner given in her honor on October 21, UNK She was not an overnight guest in the White House, but Mr& Ike Hoover, the chief UNK had Mama check her fur coat when she came in, and take care of her needs. Mama said she was one of the UNK ladies she had ever seen. Mama was very UNK and one of the duties she was UNK of was UNK the edges of the flag that flew above the White House. Actually, two flags were used at the UNK a small one on UNK days, and a big one on bright days. The wool would become UNK around the edges from blowing in the wind, and Mama would UNK it. She would often go up on the roof to see the attendant take down the flag in the evening. She used to tell me, "When I stand there and look at the flag blowing this way and that way, I have the wonderful, safe feeling that Americans are protected no matter which way the wind UNK Even when Mrs& Coolidge was in mourning for her son, she reached out to help other people in trouble. One person she helped was my brother. Mama had told her how UNK lungs had been affected when he was UNK in the war. He was in and out of Mount UNK Hospital for veterans any number of times. Taking a personal interest, she had the doctor assigned to the White House, Dr& James UNK look UNK over. As a result, he was sent to a hospital in Arizona until his health improved enough for him to come back to Washington to work in the Government service. But again, there was danger that his lungs would suffer in the UNK Washington weather, and he had to return to the dry climate of the West to live and work. When Mrs& Coolidge was in UNK she did not wear UNK She wore grey every day, and white every evening. Mama knew that she was out of mourning when she finally wore bright colors. The President helped her a lot by selecting some lovely colored dresses to get her started. She opened the boxes with a tear in her eye and a sad smile on her face. On the social side, the chore Mama had at the formal UNK at the White House UNK her the most. It was her job to stand at the foot of the stairs, and, just as the First Lady stepped off the last UNK Mama would straighten out her long train before she marched to the Blue Room to greet her guests with the President. Mama would enjoy the sight of the famous guests as much as anyone, and would note a gown here and there to tell me about that night. One night, Mama came home practically in a state of shock. She had stood at the bottom of the stairs, as usual, when Mrs& Coolidge came down, in the same dress that is now in the UNK to greet her guests. Mama UNK down to fix the UNK but there was no train UNK She reached and reached around the dress, but there was nothing there. She looked up and saw that, without knowing it, Mrs& Coolidge was holding it UNK Mrs& Coolidge looked down, saw UNK UNK expression and quickly let the whole thing fall to the floor. Mama UNK the train in place, and not a step was lost. The UNK did not always live at the White House during the UNK UNK as this UNK is, it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of Jews, collectively or individually, that have been attested by their Gentile environment. It is reasonable to affirm two UNK UNK have been perceived by UNK as all things to all men; some Jews have in fact been all things to all UNK In the arena of power Jews have at one time or another been somebody's UNK they have observed correct UNK they have been someone's enemy. In the market place Jews have in fact under various circumstances been valued customers and UNK or UNK UNK and UNK competitors. And so on through the roles referred to in the previous UNK UNK of perception, UNK diversity of fact, UNK But the two do not invariably or even typically UNK The UNK image of a particular time and place is not necessarily congruent with the image of the facts as established over the years by scholarly and scientific research. UNK images of Jews have this in common with all perceptions of a configuration in which one feature is held UNK images can be both true and false. The genuinely interesting question, then, becomes: What factors determine the degree of realism or distortion in conventional images of UNK The working test of "the UNK must always be the best available description obtainable from scholars and scientists who have applied their methods of investigation to relevant situations. UNK such UNK images are subject to human UNK they are UNK in the sense that they are subject to disciplined procedures that check and UNK against error. In accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be UNK UNK current UNK predispositions regarding intelligence. General Grant may have been the victim of false information in the instance reported in this UNK if so, he would not be the first or last commanding officer who has succumbed to bad information and dubious estimates of the future. But General Grant may have been UNK He may have entered the situation with predispositions that prepared him to act UNK in the press of affairs. UNK in turn, fall conveniently into two categories for purposes of analysis. To some extent predispositions are shaped by exposure to group UNK In some measure they depend upon the structure of individual UNK The anti-Semitism of Hitler owed something to his exposure to the ideology of UNK politically successful Christian socialist movement in Vienna. But millions of human beings were exposed to UNK propaganda and record. After allowing for group UNK it is apparent that other factors must be considered if we are to comprehend UNK These are personality UNK they include harmonies and conflicts within the whole man, and mechanisms whereby inner components are more or less smoothly met. Modern psychiatric knowledge provides us with many keys to UNK the significance of behavior of the kind. The foregoing factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad conditions under which they achieve realism or fall short of it. Undoubtedly one merit of the vast panorama of Gentile conceptions of the Jew UNK in the present anthology is that it provides a formidable body of material that invites critical examination in terms of reality. Many selections are themselves convincing contributions to this UNK UNK however, the significance of the volume is greater than the foregoing paragraphs UNK Speaking as a UNK I believe that its primary contribution is in the realm of future policy. Since we can neither UNK nor UNK the past, we are limited to the events of today and tomorrow. In this domain the simple fact of coexistence in the same local, national, and world community is enough to guarantee that we cannot refrain from having some effect, large or small, upon Gentile-Jewish relations. What shall these effects be? I am deliberately raising the policy problems involved in Gentile-Jewish relations. UNK examination of any policy question calls for the performance of the intellectual tasks UNK from any UNK method. The tasks are briefly indicated by these questions: What are my goals in Gentile-Jewish UNK What are the historical trends in this country and abroad in the extent to which these goals are effectively UNK What factors condition the degree of realization at various times and UNK What is the probable course of future UNK What policies if adopted and applied in various circumstances will increase the likelihood that future events will coincide with desired events and do so at least cost in terms of all human UNK It is beyond the province of this UNK to cover policy questions of such depth and range. The discussion is therefore limited to a suggested procedure for realizing at least some of the potential importance of this volume for future policy. As a groundwork for the proposal I give some attention to the first task UNK above, the clarification of goal. My reply is that I associate myself with all those who affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations should contribute to the theory and practice of human dignity. The basic goal finds partial expression in the Universal Declaration of Human UNK a statement initiated and endorsed by individuals and organizations of many religious and philosophical traditions. Within this frame of reference policies appropriate to claims advanced in the name of the Jews depend upon which Jewish identity is involved, as well as upon the nature of the claim, the characteristics of the UNK the UNK proposed, and the predispositions of the community decision makers who are called upon to act. If Jews are identified as a religious body in a controversy that comes before a national or international UNK it is obviously compatible with the goal of human dignity to protect freedom of worship. When decision makers act within this frame they determine whether a claim put forward in the name of religion is to be accepted by the larger community as appropriate to religion. Since the recognition of Israel as a nation state, claims are made in many cases which identify the claimant as a member of the new body politic. Community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations regarding members of nation states. In free countries many controversies involve UNK Jews who use the symbol in asserting a vaguely UNK rather than religious or political identity. The decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups. We know that much is made of the multiplicity and ambiguity of the identities that cluster around the key symbol of the Jew. Many public and private controversies will undoubtedly continue to reflect these confusions in the mind and usage of Gentile and Jew. However, in the context of legal and civic policy, these controversies are less than novel. They involve similar uncertainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of UNK groups. So far as the existing body of formal principle and procedure is concerned, categorical novelties are not to be anticipated in UNK UNK claims are properly disposed of according to norms common to all parties. It is not implied that formal principles and procedures are so firmly entrenched within the public order of the world community or even of free UNK that they will control in all circumstances involving Jews and UNK during coming years. Social process is always anchored in past UNK but it is UNK UNK in situations where UNK are dragged or lost. In UNK with the maximization principle we affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations will be harmonious or UNK to the degree that one relation or the other is expected by the active participants to yield the greatest net UNK taking all value outcomes and effects into consideration. It is not difficult to anticipate circumstances in which negative tensions will UNK for instance, imagine the situation if Israel ever UNK an enemy UNK The formal position of Americans who identify themselves with one or more of the several identities of the Jewish symbol is already clear; the future weight of informal factors cannot be so easily UNK When we consider the disorganized state of the world community, and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as Jews, it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill. During moments of intense crisis the responsibility of political leaders is UNK But their freedom of policy is limited by the pattern of UNK with which they and the people around them enter the crisis. At such critical moments predispositions favorable to human dignity most obviously UNK off". By the same test predispositions destructive of human personality exercise their most sinister impact, with the result that men of good will are often trapped and UNK Among measures in anticipation of crisis are plans to inject into the turmoil as assistants of key decision makers qualified persons who are UNK of the corrosive effect of crisis upon personal relationships and are also able to raise calm and realistic voices when UNK leaders near the limit of UNK We are learning how to do these things in some of the vast organized structures of modern society; the process can be UNK A UNK is that the time to prepare for the worst is when times are best. During UNK periods the educational facilities of the community have the possibility of UNK the UNK and altering the behavior of vast numbers of human beings of every age and condition. As more men and women are made capable of living up to the challenge of decency the chances are improved that the pattern of UNK prevailing in positions of strength in future crises can be favorably affected. Now an abiding difficulty of paragraphs like the foregoing is that they appear to UNK and in contemporary society we often complain of too much UNK of the goodness of the good. In any case I do not intend to let the present occasion pass without dealing more directly with the problem of UNK good intentions. I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small, and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others. UNK used, the present book is an excellent instrument of UNK Let us not confuse the issue by labeling the objective or the method UNK for this is a well established term of art for the specific ideas and procedures initiated by UNK Freud and his followers for the study and treatment of UNK UNK The traditional method proceeds by the technique of free association, punctuated by interpretations proposed by the psychoanalytic UNK What we have in mind does have something in common with the goals of psychoanalysis and with the methods by which they are sought. For what we propose, however, a UNK is not necessary, even though one aim is to enable the reader to get beneath his own UNK his defenses of himself to himself. For this purpose a degree of intellectual and emotional involvement is UNK but involvement needs to be accompanied by a special frame of mind. The relatively long and often colorful selections in this anthology enable the reader to become genuinely absorbed in what is said, whether he responds with anger or UNK But simple involvement is not UNK UNK calls for an open, UNK inquiring posture of UNK The UNK provides an opportunity to confront the self with specific statements which were made at particular times by identifiable UNK who were addressing definite UNK and throughout several hundred pages everyone is talking about the same key symbol of identification. An advantage of being exposed to such specificity about an important and recurring feature of social reality is that it can be taken advantage of by the reader to examine UNK as well as overt resonances within himself, resonances triggered by explicit symbols UNK around the central figure of the Jew. Two facets of this aspect of the literary process have special significance for our time. One, a reservation on the point I have just made, is the phenomenon of UNK UNK and UNK which Fromm discussed in <The UNK from UNK In essence this involves UNK one's thought and emotion in the values and experience of others, rather than in one's own values and experience. There is a risk that instead of teaching a person how to be himself, reading fiction and drama may teach him how to be somebody else. Clearly what the person brings to the reading is important. Moreover, if the critic UNK his audience in UNK to see in a work, he is contributing to this UNK if he UNK them in UNK to evaluate a work, he is helping them to achieve their own identity. The second timely part of this sketch of literature and the search for identity has to do with the difference between good and enduring literary works and the UNK mass culture products of today. In the range and variety of characters who, in their literary lives, get along all right with life styles one never imagined possible, there is an implicit lesson in UNK The reader, observing this process, might ask UNK not be UNK and find in the answer a license to be a variant of the human species. The observer of television or other products for a mass audience has only a permit to be, like the models he UNK even more like everybody else. And this, I think, holds for values as well as life styles. One would need to test this proposition UNK after all, the large (and probably UNK UNK UNK literature on the "most UNK character I ever UNK deals with village UNK country doctors, favorite if illiterate UNK and so forth. Scientists often turn out to be UNK too. But still, the proposition is worth examination. It is possible that the study of literature affects the conscience, the morality, the sensitivity to some code of "right" and UNK I do not know that this is UNK both UNK and UNK West deal with the development and nature of conscience, as do such theologians as UNK and UNK It forms the core of many, perhaps most, problems of UNK I am not aware of great attention by any of these authors or by the UNK profession to the role of literary study in the development of UNK most of their attention is to a UNK period of life, or, for the theologians of course, to the influence of religion. Still, it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one's ideas of right and wrong; certainly the awakened alarm over the comic books and the continuous concern over UNK literature indicate some peripheral aspects of this influence. Probably the most important thing to focus on is not the development of conscience, which may well be almost beyond the reach of literature, but the contents of conscience, the code which is imparted to the developed or immature conscience available. This is in large part a code of behavior and a glossary of UNK what is it that people do and should do and how one should regard it. In a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth-century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover, how to UNK how to think about this new experience, how to exercise restraint. UNK may be said to give people a sense of purpose, dedication, mission, significance. This, no doubt, is part of what Gilbert UNK implies when he says of the arts, "They give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without UNK Men seem almost universally to want a sense of function, that is, a feeling that their existence makes a difference to someone, living or UNK close and immediate or UNK UNK useless seems generally to be an unpleasant UNK A need so deeply UNK asking for direction, so to speak, is likely to be gratified by the vivid examples and heroic proportions of literature. The terms UNK and UNK which often come up in aesthetic discussion, seem partly to derive their import from the UNK of purpose and a UNK sense of significance a person may receive from poetry, drama, and fiction. The notion of UNK is somehow UNK to this feeling. How literature does this, or for whom, is certainly not clear, but the content, form, and language of the UNK as well as the source, would all play differentiated parts in giving and molding a sense of purpose. One of the most salient features of literary value has been deemed to be its influence upon and organization of emotion. Let us UNK a few of these ideas. The UNK notion of UNK the UNK of UNK is a persistent and viable one. The idea here is one of UNK but this must stand in opposition to a second view, Plato's notion of the UNK of emotion. A third idea is that artistic literature serves to UNK emotional UNK giving a sense of serenity and calm to individuals. This is given some expression in UNK notion of harmony and the resolution of UNK A fourth view is the transformation of UNK as in UNK fine phrase on the UNK they UNK and UNK our inner nature". It is possible that the idea of UNK of emotion is a fifth idea. UNK UNK in his discussion of the UNK and Future of UNK suggests this: "One of the things which makes our lives drab and empty and which leaves us, at the end of the day, UNK and UNK spiritually is the pressure of the UNK practical, utilitarian concern of UNK objects. If art is to release us from these postulated things UNK we must think symbolically UNK and bring us back to the UNK beauty and UNK of the aesthetic component of reality in its UNK it must sever its connection with these common sense UNK I take the central meaning here to be the contrast between the drab empty quality of life without literature and a life UNK by it. UNK view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth UNK for him it UNK in part, the UNK of UNK A sketch of the emotional value of the study of literature would have to take account of all of these. But there is one in particular which, it seems to me, deserves special attention. In the wide range of experiences common to our UNK race none is more difficult to UNK more UNK and more enduring in its effects than the control of love and UNK The study of literature contributes to this control in a curious way. William UNK and UNK Brooks, it seems to me, have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is UNK "For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love (and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of UNK UNK and if it is to talk of anger and murder (and yet not aim at arousing anger and UNK then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of UNK UNK or UNK or any direct assault upon the UNK at all. Something UNK UNK UNK UNK might well be the UNK the UNK technique by which a poet indulged in all kinds of talk about love and anger and even in something like UNK of these emotions, without aiming at their UNK or even UNK anything that essentially involves their UNK The UNK through literature of emotional life under controlled conditions may be a most valuable human experience. Here I do not mean UNK the discharge of emotion. I mean something more like UNK concept of the utility of UNK to a small UNK he plays UNK or UNK or UNK as a way of UNK slightly frightening experiences, UNK them UNK until they are under control. There is a second feature of the influences of literature, good literature, on emotional life which may have some special value for our time. In B& M& UNK portrayal of the UNK and UNK youth of London, a salient finding was the inability to postpone UNK a need to satisfy impulses immediately without the pleasure of anticipation or of UNK the experience. Perhaps it is only an analogy, but one of the most obvious differences between cheap fiction and fiction of an enduring quality is the development of a theme or story with leisure and UNK Anyone who has watched children develop a taste for literature will understand what I mean. It is at least possible that the capacity to postpone gratification is developed as well as expressed in a continuous and guided exposure to great literature. In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions, particularly with respect to the sense of harmony, or relief of tension, or sense of "a transformed inner UNK which may UNK a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required. In the calm which follows the reading of a poem, for example, is the effect produced by the enforced quiet, by the musical quality of words and rhythm, by the sentiments or sense of the poem, by the associations with earlier UNK if it is familiar, by the boost to the UNK for the UNK by the diversion of attention, by the sense of security in a UNK UNK by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as UNK or by UNK ideas about the magical power of UNK These are, if the research is done with UNK and skill, UNK topics, but the research is missing. One of the most frequent views of the value of literature is the education of sensibility that it is thought to provide. UNK is a vague word, covering an area of meaning rather than any precise talent, quality, or skill. Among other things it means perception, UNK sensitivity to subtle differences. Both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be UNK Its truth is illustrated by the skill, UNK and general UNK of the English professor with whom one attends the theatre. The limits are suggested by an imaginary UNK contrast the perceptual skill of English professors with that of their colleagues in discriminating among motor cars, political candidates, or female beauty. Along these lines, the particular point that sensitivity in literature leads to sensitivity in human relations would require more proof than I have seen. In a UNK and general exploration of the field of UNK UNK and UNK UNK the discussion does not touch upon this aspect of the subject, with one possible UNK UNK UNK shows the UNK stability of UNK based on sensation UNK sweet, UNK UNK dealing with personal qualities of human beings and events. But to go from here to the belief that those more sensitive to UNK and language will also be more sensitive to personal differences is too great an UNK UNK I would say, too, that the study of literature tends to give a person what I shall call UNK I use this term to mean three things: a search for the human significance of an event or state of affairs, a tendency to look at UNK rather than parts, and a tendency to respond to these events and UNK with feeling. It is the UNK of UNK UNK emotional UNK I think these attributes UNK but I have no evidence. In fact, I can only say this seems to me to follow from a wide, continuous, and properly guided exposure to literary art. THE late R& G& UNK a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature, once wrote "We are all, though many of us are UNK enough to wish to deny it, in far closer sympathy with the art of the UNK and UNK than with UNK and UNK or even Shakespeare and UNK By an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present, and enjoy the UNK of UNK and Japanese UNK but the possibility of this effort is bound up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries, and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken place. The natural and primary aesthetic attitude is to enjoy contemporary art, to despise and dislike the art of the recent past, and wholly to ignore everything UNK One might argue that the ultimate purpose of literary scholarship is to correct this spontaneous UNK that is likely to obscure the UNK of the general public, of the newspaper critic, and of the creative artist himself. There results a study of literature freed from the tyranny of the contemporary. Such study may take many forms. The study of ideas in literature is one of these. Of course, it goes without saying that no student of ideas can justifiably ignore the contemporary scene. He will frequently return to it. The UNK UNK and UNK discernible when past and present are surveyed together are UNK and the one is often understood through the other. When we assert the value of such study, we find ourselves committed to an important UNK Most students of literature, whether they call themselves scholars or critics, are ready to argue that it is possible to understand literary works as well as to enjoy them. Many will add that we may find our enjoyment heightened by our understanding. This understanding, of course, may in its turn take many forms and some of UNK especially those most interesting to the student of comparative UNK are essentially UNK But the historian of literature need not UNK his attention to biography or to UNK questions of form, UNK or technique. He may also consider ideas. It is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or UNK one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same UNK But, in general, we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other. At this point a working definition of <idea> is in order, although our first definition will have to be qualified somewhat as we UNK The term <idea> refers to our more reflective or thoughtful consciousness as opposed to the UNK of UNK or emotional experience. It is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy. An idea, let us say, may be UNK defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned. In this essay, we are, along with most UNK interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas, that are so to speak UNK UNK in history of literature where they UNK continually. UNK among these is the idea of human nature itself, including the many definitions that have been advanced over the UNK also secondary notions such as the UNK of man, the UNK of man, and the dignity of man. One might, indeed, argue that the history of ideas, in so far as it includes the UNK must center on UNK of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in UNK We need not, to be sure, expect to find such ideas in every piece of literature. An idea, of the sort that we have in mind, although of necessity readily available to imagination, is more general in connotation than most poetic or literary images, especially those appearing in lyric poems that seek to capture a moment of personal experience. Thus UNK UNK love is like a red, red UNK and UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK purple of UNK although clearly intelligible in content, hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned. On the other hand, UNK UNK UNK salt, UNK UNK taken in its context, certainly does so. UNK a work of art involves recognition of the ideas that it reflects or UNK Thus the student of literature may sometimes find it helpful to classify a poem or an essay as being in idea or in ideal content or subject matter typical or UNK of its period. Again, he may discover embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways. Our understanding will very probably require both these UNK Very likely it will also include a recognition that the work we are reading reflects or UNK UNK some way of thought UNK as a UNK or an UNK UNK a complex or UNK of ideas occurring together with sufficient UNK to warrant identification. Thus ideas like UNK UNK and UNK cluster together in traditional Christianity. Usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized rendering or treatment of the ideas in question, so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an UNK or mode of thought. Accordingly we may speak of the Platonism peculiar to Shelley's poems or the type of Stoicism present in UNK UNK and we may find that describing such Platonism or such Stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise. After all, Shelley is no UNK or Hellenic UNK and even his UNK Platonism can be distinguished from that of his UNK Again, UNK attitude of defiance which colors his ideal of UNK is far from characteristic of a UNK thinker like Marcus UNK whose gentle acquiescence is almost Christian, comparable to the patience expressed in Milton's sonnet on his own UNK In recent years, we have come increasingly to recognize that ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with UNK or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts, although these aspects should be studied in conjunction with the history of philosophy, of religion, and of the sciences. When these fields are surveyed together, important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence, a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions, primarily literary, religious, and philosophical, but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even, to some extent, with science. Here we may observe that at least one modern philosophy of history is built on the assumption that ideas are the primary objectives of the historian's research. Let us quote once more from R& G& UNK UNK is properly concerned with the actions of human beings **h UNK from the outside, an action is an event or series of events occurring in the physical world; regarded from the inside, it is the carrying into action of a certain thought **h The historian's business is to penetrate to the inside of the actions with which he is dealing and reconstruct or rather UNK the thoughts which constituted them. It is a characteristic of thoughts that **h in UNK them we come, UNK UNK to understand why they were UNK Such an understanding, although it must seek to be sympathetic, is not a matter of intuition. UNK has this in common with every other UNK that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge, except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place, and UNK to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his UNK the grounds upon which it is based. This is what was UNK above, by describing history as UNK The knowledge in virtue of which a man is an historian is a knowledge of what the evidence at his disposal proves about certain UNK It is obvious that the historian who seeks to recapture the ideas that have motivated human behavior throughout a given period will find the art and literature of that age one of his central and major UNK by no means a mere supplement or adjunct of significant historical research. The student of ideas and their place in history will always be concerned with the patterns of UNK which are at the same time patterns of UNK whereby ideas pass from one area of activity to another. Let us survey for a moment the development of modern UNK turning our attention from the UNK toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that follow and dwelling finally on more recent decades. We may thus trace the notion of individual autonomy from its manifestation in religious practice and theological reflection through practical politics and political theory into literature and the arts. Finally we may note that the idea appears in educational theory where its influence is at present widespread. No one will deny that such broad developments and transitions are of great intrinsic interest and the study of ideas in literature would be UNK incomplete without frequent reference to them. Still, we must remember that we cannot construct and justify generalizations of this sort unless we are ready to consider many special instances of influence moving between such areas as UNK philosophy, political thought, and literature. The actual moments of contact are vitally important. These moments are historical events in the lives of individual authors with which the student of comparative literature must be frequently concerned. Perhaps the most powerful and most frequently recurring literary influence on the Western world has been that of the Old and New Testament. Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible. This reading and the comments that it evoked constitute the influence. A contrast of the UNK reading of, let us say, St& UNK John UNK and Thomas Jefferson, all three of whom found in such study a real source of UNK can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression. In much the same way, we recognize the importance of Shakespeare's UNK with UNK and UNK of Shelley's study of Plato's UNK and of UNK enthusiastic UNK of the writings of many philosophers and theologians from Plato to UNK and William UNK through which so many abstract ideas were brought to the attention of English men of letters. We may also recognize cases in which the poets have influenced the philosophers and even indirectly the UNK English philosopher Samuel UNK debt to UNK and Meredith is a recent interesting example, as also A& N& UNK understanding of the English UNK chiefly Shelley and UNK UNK profound admiration for the insights of the Greek UNK indicates a broad channel of classical influence upon nineteenth-century philosophy. Again the student of evolutionary biology will find a UNK if to our minds grotesque, anticipation of the theory of chance variations and the natural elimination of the UNK in UNK who in turn seems to have borrowed the concept from the philosopher UNK Here an important UNK is in order. We must avoid the notion, suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned, that ideas are UNK in some way comparable to UNK or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even, for that matter, from one individual to another. UNK you take Mr& Hearst's morning <American> at $10,000 a year", UNK UNK "You could come down to the office once a day, look over a few UNK dictate an editorial, and then have the remainder of your time for your more serious literary UNK If within one year you can make a success out of the <American>, you can practically name your own salary thereafter. Of course, if you don't make the <American> a success, Hearst will have no further use for you". The UNK Watson decided that he would dislike living in New York, and the deal fell through. Hearst's luck was even poorer when he had a chat with Franklin K& Lane, a prominent California journalist and reform UNK whom he asked for his support. Lane was still burning because he had narrowly missed election as governor of California in UNK and laid his defeat to the antagonism of Hearst's San Francisco UNK Hearst UNK blame for this, but the UNK according to Lane, ended on a tart note. "Mr& UNK Hearst said, "if you ever wish anything that I can do, all you will have to do will be to send me a telegram asking, and it will be UNK "Mr& UNK Lane replied as he left, "if you ever get a telegram from me asking you to do anything, you can put the telegram down as a UNK Hearst took a brief UNK to hurry home to New York to become a father. On April 10, UNK his first child was born, a son named George after the late UNK Hearst saw his wife and child, sent a UNK message to his mother in California, and soon returned to Washington, where on April 22, for the first time, he opened his mouth in Congress. This was not before the House but before the UNK Committee, where he asked for action on one of his pet bills, that calling for an investigation of the UNK monopoly. Attorney UNK had worked on this for two years and had succeeded in getting a report supporting his stand from the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York. Hearst had spent more than UNK of his own money in the UNK but still Attorney General UNK was UNK Six of the railroads carrying coal to UNK from the Pennsylvania fields, Hearst said, not only had illegal agreements with coal operators but owned outright at least eleven mines. They had watered their stock at immense profit, then had raised the price of coal fifty cents a UNK UNK themselves another UNK in annual UNK "The Attorney General has been brooding over that evidence like an old hen on a UNK for eighteen UNK Hearst said. "He has not acted in any way, and won't let anyone take it away from him **h What I want is to have this evidence come before Congress and if the Attorney General does not report it, as I am very sure he UNK as he has refused to do anything of the kind, I then wish that a committee of seven Representatives be appointed with power to take the evidence **h". The Congressman tried hard, but failed. This was the very sort of legislation that Roosevelt himself had in mind. There can be little doubt that there was a conspiracy in Washington, overt or UNK to block anything Hearst wanted, even if it was something good. UNK tied his hands in Congress. Roosevelt and others considered him partly responsible for the murder of UNK They were repelled by his UNK newspapers, his personal UNK his presumptuous campaign for the Presidential nomination, and by the swelling cloud of UNK about his moral UNK He might get votes from his UNK but he would never get a helping hand in Congress. He was the House UNK Even the regular Democrats UNK him. UNK incapable of cooperating with others, he ran his own show regardless of how many UNK Democratic toes he stepped on. He was a political UNK a UNK with his own program, determined to UNK it through or to UNK the UNK of those who UNK him. He showed little interest in measures put forward by the regular Democrats. He sought to run Congress as he ran his New York <American> or UNK a scheme veteran legislators UNK For a freshman Congressman to read political lessons to UNK Democrats was poor policy for one who needed to make friends. He soon quarreled with all the party leaders in the House, and came to be regarded with UNK by regular Democrats as a professional radical leading a small pack of UNK UNK whose constant snapping was UNK to party discipline. To UNK Democrats, the Hearst Presidential UNK now in full cry, was the joke of the new century. Yet no leader had come to the fore who seemed likely to give the UNK T& R& a UNK of a race. There was talk of dragging old UNK Cleveland out of retirement for another UNK Some preferred Judge UNK B& Parker of New York. There was a host of dark horses. The UNK at Hearst changed to concern when it was seen that he had strong support in many parts of the country. UNK of Hearst agents were traveling from state to state in a surprisingly successful search for delegates at the coming convention, and there were charges that money was doing a large part of the UNK Just when it was needed for the campaign, Hearst Paper No& 8, the Boston <American>, began publication. A Bay State UNK said, "Mr& Hearst's fight has been helped along greatly by the starting of his paper in UNK His candidacy affected his journalism somewhat. He ordered his editors to tone down on UNK and to refrain from using such words as UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK out of UNK In a story headed, UNK UNK UNK the Republican New York UNK spread the money UNK UNK an UNK UNK UNK as saying: "The argument that is cutting most ice is that Hearst is the only candidate who is fighting the trusts UNK and who would use all the powers of government to disrupt them if he were elected. The Hearst men say that if Hearst is UNK he and his immediate friends will contribute to the Democratic National Committee the sum of UNK This, it is UNK would relieve the national committee from the necessity of appealing to the trust UNK The alternative to this is that if a conservative candidate is nominated the national committee will have to appeal to the trusts for their campaign funds, and in doing this will incur obligations which would make a Democratic victory absolutely UNK **h. the average Democratic UNK especially in the country districts, is hungry for the UNK of office. It has been a long time since he has seen any campaign money, and when the proposition is laid down to him as the friends of Mr& Hearst are laying it down these days he is quite likely to get aboard the Hearst UNK If anything, the conservative Democrats were more opposed to Hearst than the Republicans. In his own state of New York, the two Democratic UNK State Leader Hill and Tammany UNK UNK were saying nothing openly against Hearst but UNK UNK their own UNK Murphy being for Cleveland and Hill for Parker. They had lost twice with the radical UNK and were having no part of Hearst, whom they considered more radical than UNK But his increasing strength in the West looked UNK It caused Henry UNK to sound a blast in his Louisville UNK "**h Does any sane Democrat believe that Mr& Hearst, a person unknown even to his UNK and his UNK without a word or act in the public life of his country, past or present, that can be shown to be his to commend him, could by any possibility be elected President of the United UNK But there is a Hearst barrel **h" More UNK was Senator Edward UNK of Tennessee, a Parker man. "**h the nomination of Hearst would compass the ruin of the UNK UNK said. "It would be a UNK and, as I have already said to the people of Tennessee, if Hearst is UNK we may as well pen a UNK and send it back from the field of UNK UNK is lost, including our UNK A lone UNK voice from New York City was that of William UNK who had been expelled as a Tammany leader but still claimed strong influence in his own district. "I understand UNK is a candidate for Presidential UNK UNK said without cracking a smile. "There's nothing like UNK from the bottom up. If he's going to the St& Louis convention as a delegate we ought to know it. He's got a lot of friends, and he ought to come along and let us know if he wants our UNK Hearst won the UNK state convention, but ran into a bitter battle in Indiana before losing to Parker, drawing an angry statement from UNK John W& UNK "We are UNK for the first time in the history of the Republic by the open and UNK effort of a UNK to purchase the Presidential UNK Our state has been UNK with a gang of paid agents and UNK **h As for the paid UNK from other states, we are here to instruct the Indiana UNK in their UNK I have nothing but contempt **h The Hearst dollar mark is all over them **h" The talk of a Hearst UNK was increasing. Another Indiana observer later commented, UNK we shall never know how much was spent UNK UNK but if as much money was expended elsewhere as in Indiana a liberal fortune was UNK In his fight for the Illinois and Indiana UNK Hearst made several trips to Chicago to UNK with Andrew Lawrence, the former San Francisco UNK man who was now his Chicago UNK and once to meet with UNK On one visit he stopped at the office of the <American>, where he was known UNK as "the Great White UNK and for the first time met his managing editor, fat Moses UNK UNK never did learn what Hearst wanted, for the latter shook hands and moved toward the door. UNK mind, thank you", he said. "I must hurry to catch my UNK Another editor pointed UNK at a bundle of letters that had accumulated for him, saying, "But Mr& Hearst, what shall I do with this UNK "I'll show you", Hearst replied, UNK He took the UNK of mail and tossed it into the waste basket. "Don't UNK Every letter answers itself in a couple of UNK UNK THE UNK UNK UNK hopped into a private railroad car with Max UNK and made an arduous personal canvass for delegates in the western and southern states, always wearing a UNK coat, listening UNK to local politicians, and generally making a good UNK He laughed at a story that he planned to bolt the party if he was not UNK "I should, of UNK he said, "like any other man, be honored and gratified should the Democrats see fit to nominate me. But I do not have to be UNK by office to be a UNK I have supported the Democratic party in the last five UNK I supported Cleveland three times and Bryan twice. I intend to support the UNK of the party at St& Louis, UNK he may be". The Hearst press followed the UNK progress at the various state conventions with its usual admiring attention, stressing the UNK and UNK he inspired. This was historic in its way, for it marked the first time an American Presidential UNK had advertised his own virtues in his own string of newspapers UNK the land. Yet his editors did not abandon their sense of story value. When UNK UNK a stunning and UNK chorus girl who had appeared in a UNK road show, rode down Broadway in a UNK cab with her married lover, Frank Young, she stopped the cab to disclose that Young had been shot dead, UNK insisting that he had shot himself although experts said he could not have done so. Trevelyan's UNK was above all a liberalism of the spirit, a deep feeling of communion with men fighting for country and for liberty. His passion and enthusiasm convey the courage and high adventure of Garibaldi's exploits and give the reader a unique sense of participation in the events described. The three volumes brought to the fore a characteristic of Trevelyan's prose which remained conspicuous through his later UNK a genius for describing military action with clarity and with authority. The confused UNK of guerrilla warfare, such as most of Garibaldi's campaigns were, was brought to life by Trevelyan's pen in some of the best passages in the books. His personal familiarity with the scenes of action undoubtedly contributed much to the final result, but familiarity alone would not have been enough without other qualities. Military knowledge, love of detail, and a sure feeling for the portrayal of action were the added UNK But the Garibaldi volumes were more than a romantic story. Trevelyan contributed considerable new knowledge of the issues connected with his subject. The outstanding example was in UNK and the UNK where he made use of UNK papers of Lord John Russell and English UNK materials to reveal the motives which led the British government to permit Garibaldi to cross the UNK of UNK In looking back over the volumes, it is possible to find errors of interpretation, some of which were not so evident at the time of writing. Thus Trevelyan repeats the story which pictured Victor UNK as refusing to abandon the famous UNK at the insistence of General UNK Later research has shown this part of the legend of the UNK UNK to be false. Trevelyan accepts Italian nationalism with little analysis, he is unduly critical of papal and French policy, and he is more than generous in assessing British policy. But fifty years later the trilogy still maintains a firm place in the list of standard works on the unification of Italy, a position cautiously UNK by the UNK at the time of publication. Trevelyan's UNK and the Venetian revolution of UNK his last major volume on an Italian theme, was written in a minor key. Published in UNK it did not gain the popular acclaim of the Garibaldi volumes, probably because Trevelyan felt less at home with UNK the UNK lawyer, than with UNK the UNK The complexities of Venetian politics UNK him, but the story of the revolution itself is told in restrained measures, with no UNK passages and only an occasional UNK of the part played by its leading figure. If it is not one of his best books, it can only be considered unsatisfactory when compared with his own UNK Already Trevelyan had begun to parallel his nineteenth-century Italian studies with several works on English figures of the same period. First <The life of John UNK appeared and seven years later UNK Grey of the Reform UNK Of the two, the life of Bright is incomparably the better UNK Trevelyan centers too exclusively on UNK is insufficiently UNK of the views of UNK opponents and critics, and makes light of the genuine difficulties faced by UNK Yet he is right when he claims in his autobiography that he drew the real features of the man, his tender and UNK motives and his rugged fearless strength. In the story of Bright and the Corn Law UNK the UNK War, the American Civil War, and the franchise struggle Trevelyan reflects something of the moral power which enabled this independent man to exercise so immense an influence over his fellow UNK for so long. Because UNK speeches were so much a part of him, there are long and numerous UNK which, far from making the biography UNK help to give us the feel of the man. Associated in a sense with the Manchester School through his mother's family, Trevelyan conveys in this biography something of its moral conviction and drive. UNK UNK however, seem somehow to have gone out of fashion and the Bright book has never been particularly popular. The biography of Lord Grey is strictly speaking not a biography at all. It is a Whig history of the UNK UNK which preceded the Reform Bill of 1832, and it uses the figure of Grey to give some unity to the narrative. The volume is a piece of passionate special UNK written with the UNK and often with the wisdom, it must be UNK of a Liberal UNK the UNK of politicians from UNK to UNK UNK Trevelyan enjoyed writing the work. The theme of glorious summer coming after a long winter of discontent and repression was, he has told us, congenial to his artistic sense. And UNK UNK background was close to Trevelyan's own. But his concentration on personalities and his categorical assessment of their actions fail to convey the political complexities of a long generation harassed by world-wide war and confronted with the problem of adjustment to an unprecedented industrial and social UNK Some historians have found his point of view not to their taste, others have complained that he makes the Tory tradition appear UNK rather than UNK while a sympathetic critic has remarked that the UNK interplay of social dynamics and political activity of which, at times, politicians are the ignorant UNK is not a field for the exercise of his UNK The UNK heritage which informs all of Trevelyan's interpretations of history here seems clearly to have distorted the issues and oversimplified the period. For once his touch deserted him. Research in the period of Grey and Bright led naturally to a more ambitious work. <Britain in the nineteenth century> is a textbook designed "to give the sense of continuous growth, to show how economic led to social, and social to political change, how the political events reacted on the economic and social, and how new thoughts and new ideals accompanied or directed the whole complicated UNK The plan is admirably fulfilled for the period up to UNK More UNK than in the study of Grey and despite his Liberal UNK Trevelyan vividly sketches the England of UNK Revolution days, portrays the stresses and strains of the revolutionary period in rich colors, and brings developments leading to the Reform Bill into sharp and clear focus. His technique is genuinely UNK By what one reader called a UNK of UNK UNK he UNK one period into another and gives a sense of continuous growth. But after 1832, the narrative tends to lose its balanced, many-sided quality and to become a UNK of topics, often UNK by any single UNK Economic analysis was never Trevelyan's strong point and the England of the industrial transformation cries out for economic analysis. Yet after 1832, the interrelations of economic and social and political affairs become blurred and the narrative becomes largely a conventional political account. Finally, the period after UNK receives little attention and that quite superficial. Yet <Britain in the nineteenth century> became the UNK UNK of beginning students of history, went through edition after edition, and continues to be UNK up to the very present. Its success is a UNK above all, to Trevelyan's UNK as a literary UNK In 1924 Trevelyan traveled to the United States, where he delivered the Lowell lectures at Harvard University. These lectures formed the nucleus of a general survey of English development which took form afterward as a <History of UNK In short order, the general history became his most popular work and has remained, aside from his later UNK UNK the work most widely favored by the public. The <History of England> has often been compared with UNK UNK UNK Like Green, Trevelyan aimed to write a history not of UNK UNK or English UNK but of the English people. The result was UNK The UNK takes too much for granted to serve as a text for other than English UNK and like <Britain in the nineteenth century> it UNK badly as it goes beyond UNK Trevelyan's UNK into contemporary history were rarely happy ones. But as a UNK provocative interpretation of the broad sweep of English development it is UNK Living pictures of the early UNK country life in Tudor and Stuart times, the impact of the industrial revolution compete with sensitive surveys of language and literature, the common law, parliamentary development. The strength of the UNK is also its weakness. Trevelyan is UNK sure of the superiority of English institutions and character over those of other peoples. His nationalism was not a new UNK but its UNK even its UNK is more obvious in a book that stretches over the long reach of English history. And yet the elements which capture his liberal and UNK imagination are those which make the English story worth telling and worth UNK UNK and compromise, social justice and civil liberty, are today too often in short supply for one to be overly critical of Trevelyan's emphasis on their central place in the English tradition. Like most major works of UNK the <History of England> is informed by the positive views of a first-class mind, and this is surely a major work. Four years after the publication of the <History of UNK the first volume of Trevelyan's Queen Anne trilogy appeared. By now he had become UNK Professor of Modern History at Cambridge and had been honored by the award of the Order of UNK His academic duties had little evident effect on his UNK UNK <Blenheim> was followed in rapid succession by UNK and the union with UNK and by <The peace and the Protestant UNK the three forming together a detailed picture of UNK under Queen UNK Like his volume on UNK the work was accompanied by the publication of a selected group of UNK in this case illustrative of the history of Queen Anne's reign down to UNK Trevelyan was at least in part attracted to the period by an almost unconscious desire to take up the story where UNK <History of England> had broken off. In addition, he believed in the UNK unity and UNK of the period from UNK lying between the Stuart and Hanoverian UNK with a special ethos of its own". He saw the age as one in which Britain UNK her free UNK and attained her modern place in the world. To most UNK there is little doubt that he placed an artificial UNK jacket of unity upon the years of Anne's reign which in reality existed only in the pages of his history. Of the three volumes, <Blenheim> is easily the best. In four opening chapters reminiscent of UNK famous third chapter, Trevelyan surveys the state of England at the opening of the eighteenth century. His delightful picture of society and institutions is filled with warm detail that brings the period vividly to life. He tends to UNK or perhaps to view UNK the brutality and the violence of the age, so that there is an idyllic quality in these pages which UNK over some of its sharp reality. Yet as an UNK of time past, there are few such successful portraits in English historical literature. Once the scene is set, Trevelyan UNK builds up the tense story until it reaches its climax in the dramatic victory of UNK and Eugene of Savoy at UNK The account of the battle is, next to his descriptions of Garibaldi's campaigns, Trevelyan's outstanding military narrative. The scene is UNK in sharp detail, the military problems brilliantly explained, and the excitement and importance of the battle made evident. If only for this modest masterpiece of military history, <Blenheim> is likely to be read and UNK long after newer interpretations have perhaps altered our picture of the UNK wars. UNK and the union with UNK has fewer high spots than <Blenheim> and much less of its dramatic unity. Yet in several chapters on Scotland in the eighteenth century, Trevelyan UNK UNK with the tangled confusion of Scottish politics against a vivid background of Scottish religion, UNK and traditions. I stood on a table, surrounded by hundreds of UNK young faces. Questions came to me from all sides about my world UNK activities. After making a short statement about human rights, and the freedom to travel, I told them I would be going to the Kehl bridge the next morning in order to cross the Rhine into Germany. UNK we come with you"? called out a dozen young voices. "Well, I might not get that UNK I told them, "as actually I have no papers to enter Germany and, as a matter of fact, no permit to return to France once I UNK That was all they needed. They would champion me. We would all meet at ten o'clock at the Kehl bridge, five miles from Strasbourg, and march UNK across into Germany. There was only one UNK the small town of Kehl, on the other side of the UNK was still under French jurisdiction. The real UNK frontier was beyond the town's limits. In fact, all persons were permitted to cross the Rhine into Kehl, there being no UNK posted on the west side of the river. That evening, as I learned later, the students, enjoying that spontaneous UNK in action known only to university students, surged out onto the streets of Strasbourg, UNK empty UNK marking up store UNK and shouting UNK UNK Davis to UNK As I got off the trolley at Kehl bridge the next morning, I was met by what looked like 5,000 students, some of whom were carrying sticks apparently for the coming UNK with the police. UNK by this display of weapons, I looked toward the bridge and there saw, stretched across the near side, a UNK of policemen, their UNK forming a roadblock before which stood several French officers in uniform and a small waspish man in a brown UNK UNK UNK I called to the students in French. "I thank you most heartily for being here. This is full evidence of your support for my principles. These principles, however, will not be served by violence in any form. If they are right, they will prevail of and by themselves. I ask you all to support me in this. If one finger is raised against the authorities, all our moral power will UNK Your UNK in this respect will be the only witness to your understanding of what I am saying. I have full confidence in you. Now, let's go". I marched up to the waiting officials, the students UNK behind me. As usual, the press photographers were on hand. The waspish man stopped me three paces from the bicycle UNK and asked me in French if I had papers to leave France. I replied in the UNK taking out my recently acquired UNK UNK et de UNK on which was stamped a permission to leave UNK UNK He examined it UNK handed it back and said, UNK UNK you may leave UNK I took one step **h UNK One of the uniformed officers stepped in my way, demanding to know whether I had permission to enter Germany. "No, I have no permission to enter UNK I told him. UNK you may go no UNK he said UNK "Is this then the UNK I asked him. UNK At this, the students let out a UNK knowing full well the actual frontier was beyond the town of UNK "But I have no permission to re-enter France, and I have just UNK I told him. "I must then be standing on the line between France and UNK The waspish man stepped forward. UNK UNK But there is no line between France and Germany, that is, no actual UNK **h I mean **h" "No UNK I asked. "But if there is no line, how can there be two UNK You have just given me permission to leave France, which I did. I have witnesses. And as you know, I have no permission to re-enter France once out. Now I learn I cannot enter Germany. Obviously I'm stuck on the line between the two UNK The students were laughing UNK at this piece of logic, and even the policemen were trying hard not to smile. UNK UNK the Interior Ministry man UNK "you may come back to Strasbourg, now, if you UNK UNK Then will you give me a UNK to re-enter UNK UNK But there is no question of a UNK You are still in UNK UNK then please tell me where the frontier is because this gentleman UNK I indicated the French occupation UNK UNK me that Germany is just on the other side of him". The Interior man looked uneasily at his French UNK From the crowd were coming cries of "He's UNK "There must be a UNK and UNK Garry, UNK Seeing their hesitation, I said, "Well, until I have permission to enter Germany, or a UNK to re-enter France, I shall be obliged to remain here **h on the line between two UNK whereupon I moved to the side of the road, parked my UNK against the small UNK on the sidewalk, sat down, took out my UNK and began UNK the above conversation. The reporters were questioning the Interior man and the French officer, both of whom remained UNK as to what action, if any, would be taken in my regard. Finally they went off to file their stories, after the photographers had taken pictures of my latest UNK The students crowded around asking questions, slapping me on the back, and generally being UNK "But what will you do this evening, Mr& UNK asked a young UNK UNK "It will be very UNK "I don't know", I told him, UNK that I will be here". "I shall see about getting you a UNK he said. "I have a small sports shop in UNK That would be a great help, I told him, UNK him for his UNK A special guard was posted at my end of the bridge to make sure I didn't cross, the UNK of the situation being revealed fully in that everyone else- men, women, and children, dogs, UNK horses, cars, trucks, baby UNK could cross Kehl bridge into Kehl without UNK The day passed UNK enough, with a constant stream of visitors, some stopping only to say UNK others getting into serious UNK such as one Andre Fuchs, a UNK journalist from Strasbourg who wrote an article for the UNK UNK in highly sympathetic terms. Some students from the University returned around six with a large pot containing enough hot soup to last me a week. A volunteer food UNK had been arranged, they told me, which would supply me with the necessities as long as I remained at the bridge. A little later, the sports shop man returned with a small UNK tent. One of the girl students, sitting by while I ate the thick soup, asked me if I had a sleeping bag. When I informed her that I didn't, she said she would borrow her brother's and bring it to me later that evening. "You do not know me", she said in good English, "but my mother was your UNK in Philadelphia when you were a UNK Her name was Esther UNK I was delighted to make that personal contact in such trying and unusual circumstances. The Peter family proved wonderful and helpful friends in the following days, Mrs& Peter, little UNK and UNK who generously lent me his sleeping bag for my UNK on the UNK UNK a line from the bridge to a small field directly to the side, I pitched the tent that evening on the UNK UNK digging a small UNK around it as best I could with a UNK UNK donated by a neighborhood child. The wind from the Rhine was damp and UNK UNK a fire for UNK After UNK around a bit in the open area, I came across what proved to be UNK UNK which UNK and burned UNK giving off vast rolls of smoke into the UNK sky. Each evening the students appeared with the soup UNK and several UNK UNK Esther usually being among them. I had advised friends to write me to "No Man's UNK Pont Kehl, Between Strasbourg and Kehl, UNK UNK enough, mail began UNK in, delivered by a UNK highly amused French UNK who informed me there had been quite a debate at the post office as to whether that address would be recognized. On Christmas UNK students brought out two small Christmas trees which I placed on either side of the tent. As the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood, I had made many friends among them, taking part in their UNK games and trying desperately to translate UNK UNK UNK into an understandable French as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent. To my great surprise and UNK when they saw the two trees they went rushing off, returning shortly with decorations from their own trees. It was a merry if somewhat soggy Christmas for me that year. ## In the mail were invitations to speak at the universities of Cologne, UNK and UNK Twenty thousand world citizens at UNK had signed a petition inviting me to visit their town. When Dr& Adenauer was approached by a world citizen delegation to find out his disposition of my case, he gave them his personal approval of my UNK saying that all men advocating peace should be welcomed into Germany. The special UNK however, was still posted on Kehl bridge. As it began UNK at around eight o'clock on December UNK I retired into my tent early, somewhat tired and UNK my body reacting UNK because of the continued exposure. No matter how large the fire, I couldn't seem to shake off the chill that day. "Oh, Mr& Davis, are you UNK a voice drifted in to me above the UNK of the rain shortly after I had fallen into a UNK sleep. "Who is it"? "We're from the Council of Europe, British UNK May we have a word with you"? "I'm UNK I've had a trying day and I just can't make it out again", I told them. I heard nothing more. Later I learned that Sir Hugh UNK had expressed a desire to see me, hence their trip to "No Man's UNK On the evening of December UNK Esther noticed my UNK look and UNK voice. She UNK me to see a doctor, and when I UNK brought one out to see me. He advised immediate UNK I wouldn't hear of it because it meant giving up the UNK though I realized I was in poor shape UNK UNK UNK my hesitation, assured me that the hospital expense would be taken care of by a leading merchant in Strasbourg whom she had already approached. "No, it's not UNK I told her. "You see, once I relinquish the position I've already established here, I couldn't UNK it without UNK the logic of it". At that moment, up walked a tall young man with glasses who announced himself as a world citizen from UNK Switzerland. Without UNK Esther asked him, "If you are a world citizen, will you take Garry UNK place in his tent while he goes to the UNK "But of course, with UNK he UNK Esther looked at me. I looked from her to him. "What is your UNK I asked him. UNK UNK UNK I said. "You have just enlisted for the UNK UNK Esther jumped up, ran to him and gave him a little UNK "I am so happy. Now come, Garry, we must go quickly. There is a police car outside. Maybe they will take us". Such were the UNK of the situation that the very police assigned to check up on me were drafted into driving me to the Strasbourg Hospital while World UNK Jean UNK waved UNK from the UNK He remembered every detail of his UNK movements but nothing of the UNK desperate rush to come to grips with the enemy. When the victory cheer went up this officer found himself still mounted, with his horse pressed broadside against UNK log UNK in a tangled group of UNK His hat was gone, the tears were streaming from his eyes. He never knew how he got there. Six climactic minutes in an individual's life left no memory. Eight hundred and sixty-five Rebels surrendered within their works and a thousand more were captured or surrendered themselves that night and the next day. Eight field guns were captured in position. Seven battle flags and fourteen UNK UNK were sent to Thomas' headquarters. It was the only sizable assault upon infantry and artillery behind UNK successfully made by either side during the Atlanta campaign. The UNK UNK of Ohio UNK lost one-third of its numbers within a few minutes, among them being several men whose time of service had expired but who had volunteered to advance with their regiment. The UNK UNK of Ohio UNK one of the UNK in Thomas' First Division during UNK command, suffered its greatest loss of the war in this action. A popular belief grew up after the war that the only time during the Civil War that Thomas ever put his horse to a UNK was when he went to hurry up Stanley for this UNK Sherman was responsible for the story when he said in his UNK that this was the only time he could recall seeing Thomas ride so fast. While Thomas' injured back led him to restrain his mount from its most violent gait he moved quickly enough when he had to. It is not in the record, but he must have UNK his horse at UNK UNK Creek when he brought up UNK guns to save UNK UNK line. While the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at UNK Thomas, on Sherman's instructions, ordered UNK now commanding the Twentieth Corps, to make an effort to occupy Atlanta if he could do so without exposing his UNK to a UNK The dispatch must have been sent after UNK on September 1. UNK made his UNK the next morning, found the town UNK accepted the surrender of the mayor and occupied the city a little before noon. On the morning of September 2 the Fourth Corps and the UNK of the Tennessee and the Ohio followed the line of UNK UNK About noon they came up with the enemy two miles from UNK Station and UNK The Fourth Corps assaulted and carried a small portion of the enemy works but could not hold possession of the gain for want of cooperation from the balance of the line. That night a note written in UNK hand and dated from inside the captured city came to Sherman stating that the Twentieth Corps was in possession of Atlanta. Before making the news public Sherman sent an officer with the note to Thomas. In a short time the officer returned and Thomas followed on his heels. The cautious Thomas UNK the note and then, making up his mind that it was UNK snapped his fingers, UNK and almost danced in his UNK The next day Sherman issued his orders ending the campaign and pulled his armies back to Atlanta. The measure of combat efficiency in an UNK campaign is a matter of personal choice. Sherman laid great store by place UNK UNK refused to notice anything except captured guns and colors. By both standards Thomas had the right to be proud. Thomas UNK his men for their UNK of purpose, UNK endurance, cheerful obedience, brilliant heroism and high qualities in battle. Sherman felt that his own part in the campaign was skillful and well executed but that the slowness of a part of his army robbed him of the larger fruits of victory. He supposed the military world would approve of his UNK Whatever the military world thought, the political world approved it UNK For some time, UNK in some Northern quarters had been displayed in two UNK an UNK for peace and a dissatisfaction with UNK UNK were in the air for a year's UNK Lincoln was sure that he would not be UNK In the midst of this gloom, at UNK P&M& on September 2, UNK telegram to UNK UNK Sherman has taken UNK shattered the talk of a negotiated peace and boosted Lincoln into the White House. To the Republicans no victory could have been more complete. Official congratulations UNK upon Sherman and his army. Lincoln mentioned their distinguished ability, courage and UNK He felt that this campaign would be famous in the UNK of war. Grant called it UNK skillful and brilliant. Halleck described it as the most brilliant of the war. Actually the Atlanta campaign was a military failure. Next best to destroying an army is to deprive it of its freedom of action. Sherman had accomplished this much of his job and then UNK UNK it by his UNK retreat from UNK to Atlanta. But, so far as its territorial objectives were concerned, the campaign was successful. Within the narrow frame of military tactics, too, the experts agree that the campaign was brilliant. In seventeen weeks the military front was driven southward more than 100 miles. There was a battle on an average of once every three weeks. The UNK was almost constant. In the summary of the principal events of the campaign compiled from the official records there are only ten days which show no fighting. The UNK in the Army of the UNK were UNK while for all three armies they were UNK Men were killed in their camps, at their meals and in their sleep. UNK fire often kept the opposing UNK from UNK their pieces. Modern warfare was born in this UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK land mines, extended order, UNK UNK UNK UNK cars, night UNK flares, UNK in trees, UNK vines and UNK which were the UNK of barbed wire, trip wires to UNK a cavalry charge, which UNK the mine UNK and the general use of UNK The use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by designating a spot as UNK the letter UNK in the word UNK A few weeks later the maps were being divided into squares and a position was described as being UNK lots UNK UNK and UNK with UNK forward as far as UNK This system was dependent upon identical maps and Thomas supplied them from a mobile UNK press. Orders of the day began to specify the standard map for the movement. Sherman proved that a railway base could be movable and the most brilliant feature of the Atlanta campaign was the rapid repair of the tracks. To the Rebels it seemed as if Sherman carried tunnels and bridges in his UNK The UNK of Sherman's UNK often UNK out the UNK of the skirmish fire. As always, the ranks worked out new and better tactics, but there was UNK in the way the field commands adopted these methods and in the way the army commanders incorporated them into their military thinking. The UNK UNK UNK thinking of the legendary military brain was not evident in Sherman's armies. Sherman could never be accused of sticking too long with the old. One of Sherman's most serious UNK however, was his mistrust of his UNK He never saw that it was a complement to his infantry and not a substitute for it. Then, in some way, this lack of faith in the cavalry became mixed up in his mind with the dragging effect of wagon trains and was hardened into a UNK A horse needed twenty pounds of food a day but the UNK got along with two pounds. The UNK required eleven times more than the UNK So Sherman tried a compromise. He would ship by rail five pounds per day per animal and the other fifteen pounds that were needed could be picked up off the country. It failed to work. Already UNK by the UNK UNK the quality of Sherman's UNK ran downhill as the campaign UNK Every recorded request by Thomas for a delay in a UNK movement or an advance was to gain time to take care of his horses. Well led, properly organized UNK in its complementary role to infantry, had four functions. First, it could locate the enemy infantry, learn what they were doing, and hold them until the heavy foot columns could come up and take over. Second, it could screen its own infantry from the sight of the enemy. Third, it could threaten at all times, and destroy when possible, the enemy UNK It could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier. Its climactic role was to pursue and demoralize a defeated enemy but this chance never came in the Atlanta campaign. Thomas tried hard to have his cavalry ready for the test it was to UNK but his plans were wrecked when it was forced into a campaign without optimum mobility and with its commander stripped from it. Sherman knew the uses of cavalry as well as Thomas but he imagined a moving base with infantry wings instead of cavalry wings. His conception proved workable but slower and it enabled his enemy to make clean, UNK well organized UNK with small UNK losses. Sherman insisted that cavalry could not successfully break up hostile UNK yet UNK UNK raid and Rousseau's UNK raid cut two-thirds of the rail lines he had to break and Sherman lived in mortal fear of what UNK might do to his UNK When UNK pushed blindly through UNK Creek UNK in a potentially decisive movement, the only cavalry in his van was the Ninth Illinois UNK Infantry, totally inadequate for its role. It stumbled on infantry where no infantry should have been and UNK aggressive impulse faded out, UNK by fears of the unknown. A proper cavalry command in his front would have developed the fact that he had run into one division of UNK Army of the Mississippi moving up from the direction of Mobile to join Johnston at UNK From the night of August 30 to the morning of September 2 there was no Union cavalry east of the Macon railway to disclose to Sherman that he was missing the greatest opportunity of his career. A great part of the time, Thomas' infantry never knew the location of the enemy line. At such times Thomas wondered when and where a UNK would strike him. It was the hard way to fight a war but Thomas did it without making any disastrous mistakes. Heat during the Atlanta campaign, coupled with unsuitable clothing, caused individual UNK that was compounded by a lack of opportunity to bathe and shift into clean UNK To relieve the itch and sweat UNK the men got into the water whenever they could and since each sizable stream was generally the dividing line between the armies the UNK declared a private truce while the men went UNK Johnston believed that Sherman put his naked engineers into the swimming parties to locate the various UNK Lieutenant Colonel James P& UNK who commanded the First UNK of Thomas' First Cavalry Division, was ordered across one of these UNK The water was deep and UNK took his troopers across UNK except for guns, cartridge boxes and hats. They kicked their horses through the deep water with their bare UNK drove the Rebels out of their rifle UNK and captured four men. Most of the Rebels got away since they could make better time through the stiff brush than their naked UNK UNK was becoming an explosive issue in all three of Sherman's armies. UNK recommendations from army commanders were passed over in favor of political appointees from civil life. In one of the very few letters in which he ever complained of UNK Thompson told UNK of his distress at having had to leave London before this new friendship had developed UNK " That was a very absurd and annoying situation in which I was placed by W& UNK curious methods of handling me. He never let me know that my visit was about to terminate until the actual morning I was to leave for UNK The result was that I found myself in the ridiculous position of having made a formal engagement by letter for the next week, only two days before my departure from London. UNK both women knew my position and if anyone suffered in their opinion it was not UNK It need hardly be remarked that Thompson was not generally known for his UNK about keeping his social UNK which makes his UNK in this letter all the more significant. When Thompson and her daughter began a correspondence which included fervent verses from UNK Mrs& King felt a proper Victorian UNK UNK she knew, looked upon Thompson almost as a UNK but others read in "The Hound of UNK what they took to be the UNK of a great UNK who, like Oscar UNK had- as one pious writer later put it- thrown himself "on the swelling wave of every UNK Consequently, on October 31, UNK Mrs& King wrote to Thompson, quite against her UNK wishes, asking him not to UNK a correspondence which I believe has been dropped for some UNK Katherine was staying at a UNK and her mother felt that, as Thompson himself seems to have suggested, she might eventually stay there. This prospect did not please Mrs& King any more than did the possibility that her daughter might marry a UNK but she used it to suggest to Thompson that, "It is not in her nature to love you". For his part, Thompson had explained in a previous letter that there would be nothing but an honorable friendship between Katie and himself. At no time does he seem to have proposed marriage, and Mrs& King was evidently torn between a concern for her UNK emotions and the desire to believe that the friendship might be continued without harm to her UNK In any case, she told Thompson that she saw no reason why he might not see Katie again, "now that this frank explanation has been made + no one can UNK She ended her letter with the assurance that she considered his friendship for her daughter and herself to be an honor, from which she could not part UNK still more UNK After Thompson came to London to live, he received a letter from Katie, which was dated February 8, UNK She regretted what she described as the UNK + UNK check to their friendship and said that she felt that they understood one another UNK This letter concluded with an UNK " I am a great deal at the little children's Hospital. Mr& Meynell knows the way. I know you are very busy now, you are writing a great deal + your book is coming out, isn't it? but if you are able + care to come, you know how glad I shall be. Ever yours UNK Katherine Douglas UNK The invitation was accepted and other letters followed, in which she spoke of her concern for his health and her delight in seeing him so much at home among the crippled children she served. It is difficult to say what Thompson expected would come of their relationship, which had begun so soon after his emotions had been stirred by UNK UNK but when Katie wrote on April 11, UNK to tell him that she was to be married to the Rev& UNK UNK the vicar of UNK in UNK the news evidently helped to UNK his UNK over the failure of his hopes for a new volume of verse. In a letter to UNK which was written in June, less than a month before UNK UNK he was highly melodramatic in his despair and once again announced his intention of returning to the life of the UNK " A week in UNK and without means to pay, I must go, it is the only right thing. **h Perhaps Mrs& Meynell would do me the UNK kindness to keep my own copy of the first edition of my first book, with all its UNK of her and the dear ones. **h UNK not least, there are some poems which K& King sent me UNK to UNK when I was preparing a fresh volume, asking me to include them. The terrible blow of the New UNK put an end to that project. I wish you would return them to her. I have not the heart. **h I never had the courage to look at them, when my projected volume became UNK fearing they were poor, until now when I was obliged to do so. **h O my genius, young and UNK you would UNK when I wrote them; and now! What has it all come to? All chance of UNK my destiny is over. **h I want you to be grandfather to these UNK poems, dear UNK now I am UNK and launch them on the world when their time UNK For them a box will be UNK enough. **h Katie cannot mind your seeing them now; since my silence must have ended when I gave the UNK volume to you. **h I ask you to do me the last UNK of reading them by 8 UNK evening, about which time I shall come to say my sad UNK If you don't think much of them, tell me the wholesome truth. If otherwise, you will give me a pleasure. O UNK it is UNK but this- yes, UNK step I am about to take **h is UNK with an UNK joy by the UNK hope that here, in these poems, is UNK or at least some measure of beauty, which I did not know of". **h Thompson, of course, was persuaded not to take the UNK UNK Meynell once again paid his debts and it was Katie, rather than Thompson, whose life was soon ended, for she died in UNK in April, UNK in the first year of her marriage. The UNK UNK mentioned in the letter to Meynell comprised a group of five UNK which were published in the 1913 edition of Thompson's works under the heading UNK UNK plus certain other completed pieces and rough UNK gathered together in one of the familiar exercise books. The publication of Father UNK <The Man Has UNK has made more of the group available in print so that a general picture of what it contained can now be had without difficulty. Some of the poems express a mood of joy in a newly discovered UNK others suggest its coming loss or describe the poet's feelings when he learns of a final UNK The somewhat UNK love story which these poems suggest cannot obscure the fact that undoubtedly they have more than a little of UNK UNK When they were first written, there was evidently no thought of their being published, and those which refer to the UNK love for Mrs& Meynell particularly have the ring of truth. In "My UNK Young Virgin UNK for example, Thompson wrote: UNK she that had my UNK young virgin date Not now, alas, that noble singular she, I UNK hold, though marred from her once state, UNK others in their best UNK My own stern hand has rent the ancient UNK And thereof shall the ending not have UNK But not for me, that loved her, to be fond UNK to please me with a newer friend. Then hold it more than UNK song, That I affirm to thee, with heart of pride, I knew not what did to a friend belong UNK I stood up, true friend, by thy true side; UNK absence UNK comfort is, by far, UNK UNK of other women UNK Taking into account Thompson's capacity for UNK and the possibility of a wish to identify his own life with the UNK of other poets who had known unhappy loves, there can be no doubt about his genuine emotion for Katie UNK That she was affected by his UNK seems obvious, but since she was evidently a sensible young UNK as well as an outgoing and sympathetic UNK it would seem that for her the word UNK had a far less intense emotional significance than that which Thompson gave it. From the UNK she must have realized that marriage with him was out of the question, and although she was displeased by the UNK interference, it seems probable that she did agree with her mother's suggestion that the poet was UNK a man "most fitted to live + die solitary, + in the love only of the UNK UNK The poems which were addressed to her, while they are far more restrained than those of UNK in UNK UNK show no great technical advance over those of the UNK UNK group and are, if anything, somewhat more UNK Their interest remains chiefly UNK for they throw some light on the utter despair which UNK Thompson in the spring and early summer of 1900. Whether or not UNK is correct in suggesting that Thompson's resumption of the UNK habit also dates from this period is, of course, a matter of UNK UNK simply states, without offering any supporting evidence, that UNK he returned to London, he resumed his UNK of UNK and continued this right up to his UNK There is every reason to recognize that in the very last years of his life, as we shall see, Thompson did take the drug in carefully UNK doses to ease the pains of his illness, but the exact date at which this began has never been determined. If, as UNK says, UNK all his poetry was produced when he was not taking UNK there may be some reason to doubt that he was under its influence in the period from 1896 to 1900 when he was writing the poems to Katie King and making plans for another book of verse. In any event, the critical productivity of that time is abundant proof that if he was taking UNK it was never in command of him to the extent that it had been during his UNK years. UNK remedy for Thompson's UNK mood was typically UNK He simply found more work for him to do, and the articles and reviews continued without an evident break. #@ /3, UNK As a UNK Thompson generally displayed a UNK attitude. That he read some of the books assigned to him with a studied UNK is evident from his notes, which are often so full that they provide an UNK basis for the identification of reviews that were printed without his UNK On the basis of this careful reading, Thompson frequently gave a clear, complete, and interesting description of a prose work or chose effective UNK to illustrate his discussions of poetry. He was seldom an UNK critic, and his reviews generally followed a systematic UNK a description of what the work UNK a treatment of the things that had especially interested him in it, and, wherever possible, a balancing of whatever artistic merits and faults he might have found. It was, of course, in this drawing of the balance sheet of judgment that he most clearly displayed his desire to do full justice to an author. UNK UNK <The Testament of an Empire UNK for example, Thompson found that there was "too much UNK UNK UNK he said, must be UNK it must not UNK to argue like a UNK in UNK Yet UNK impressed him as a poet capable of UNK power, passion, or UNK and he cited specific passages to illustrate not only these qualities but UNK command of imagery as well. Similarly, he wrote that Laurence UNK had a "too deliberate UNK as well as a lack of UNK UNK in UNK But he admired UNK UNK UNK and delighted in the UNK by which Divine Love becomes the most UNK UNK in UNK the UNK Of course, there were books about which nothing good could be said. UNK as he did, the difficulty of the art of poetry, and believing that the "only technical criticism worth having in poetry is that of UNK he felt obliged to insist upon his duty to be hard to please when it came to the review of a book of verse. As he had done on his first Imperial UNK a year and a half before, Lewis UNK southeast through Red Russia to UNK UNK he pushed farther south than he had ever been before into UNK and UNK UNK or the UNK There, along the east bank of the Southern UNK opposite the hamlet of UNK a few miles north of the Black Sea, he arrived at General Headquarters of the Russian Army. By June 19, UNK he had presented himself to its Commander in UNK the Governor of the Southern UNK the Director of the War College- The UNK ## UNK first war against the Grand Turk had ended in UNK with a peace treaty quite favorable to her. By UNK her UNK had managed to UNK the UNK amid scenes of UNK cruelty and now, in this second combat with the UNK were aiming at UNK over all of the Black UNK northern UNK Through most of UNK operations on both sides had been UNK those of UNK were going to prove decisive, though many of their details are UNK To UNK what her Navy had won, the UNK was fortunate that, for the first time in Russian history, her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite UNK Potemkin was directing this conflict on three UNK in the UNK along the UNK and among the UNK in alliance with the Emperor UNK UNK and in the misty UNK and shallow coastal waters of UNK UNK and UNK including the UNK UNK Here the war would flame to its focus, and here Lewis Littlepage had come. Potemkin's Army of UNK UNK it was UNK 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 UNK of the UNK Corps, had invested UNK principal UNK on the north shore of the Black Sea, the fortress town of UNK and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea. During a sojourn of slightly more than three months UNK Littlepage UNK see action on both elements. As his second in command The Prince had Marshal UNK one-time Ambassador to Poland. UNK who had a rather narrow face, UNK nose, high forehead, and UNK UNK looked like a UNK UNK Some people thought he lacked both ability and character, but most agreed that he was noble in appearance and, for a Russian, UNK The Marshal came to know Littlepage quite well. At General Headquarters the newcomer in turn got to know others. There was the UNK UNK a capable UNK whose father had been a UNK but who had UNK his way up the ladder of UNK and Potemkin's favor till he was now a brigadier (and would one day be the UNK designated to do in UNK Paul /1,, after traveling all the way to UNK to procure just the right UNK Then there were the distinguished foreign volunteers. UNK the Emperor were the Prince de UNK still as UNK as a youth of twenty; and General the Count UNK founder of the Austrian branch of that celebrated Italian house, a UNK Littlepage could have met at UNK in December, UNK From UNK came the young UNK de UNK an officer in the service of UNK Out of UNK rode the Prince of UNK one of the Czarina's cousins and a lieutenant general in her UNK a UNK sensitive, popular soldier whose UNK Littlepage would UNK recall with the UNK UNK Though Catherine was UNK at the number of French officers streaming to the Turkish standard, there were several under her own, such as the Prince de UNK the energetic UNK Roger de UNK three year's UNK UNK to whom Nassau had taken a UNK and the UNK Colonel UNK whom the Count de UNK had persuaded to lend his technical skills to UNK England contributed a young UNK named UNK and the naval architect Samuel UNK brother to the UNK who far his UNK commission was proving a UNK to the Russian UNK From America were the Messrs& Littlepage and Jones. Lewis had expected to report at once to UNK and UNK naval command post. On arrival at headquarters he had, however- in King UNK words to UNK UNK such favor with UNK Potemkin that he made him his UNK and up to now does not want him to go join Paul Jones **h". So of course he stayed put. Having done so, he began to experience all the UNK of others who attempted to get along with Serenissimus and do a job at the same time. The Prince's perceptions were quick and his energy UNK but these qualities were UNK by an Oriental UNK and a policy of letting nothing interfere with personal passions. At UNK sufficiently far from the firing line to make you forget occasionally that you were in a war- Lewis found that the Commander in UNK only desk was his knees (and his only UNK his UNK An entire theater had been set up for his UNK with a UNK Italian orchestra under the well-known UNK In the great one's personal quarters, a portable house, almost every evening saw an elegant banquet or reception. Lewis could let his eye UNK The Prince's UNK covered with a UNK and silver Turkish cloth, or admire the lovely UNK interwoven with gold, that spread across the floor. UNK perfume boxes UNK the UNK of UNK Around the UNK tables were always at least a couple of dozen UNK UNK At dinner the courses were carried in by tall UNK in red capes and black fur caps topped with UNK of UNK marching in pairs like guards from a stage tragedy. Among the visitors arriving every now and then there were, of course, women. For if Serenissimus made the sign of the Cross with his right hand, and meant it, with his left he beckoned UNK to any lady who happened to catch his eye. Usually Lewis would find at headquarters one or more of The Prince's various UNK Right now he found UNK de UNK that magnificent young UNK he had spotted at UNK UNK years ago. The Prince took her with him on every tour around the area, and it was UNK he was utilizing her knowledge of UNK as part of his espionage UNK One evening he passed around the banquet table a crystal cup full of diamonds, requesting every female guest to select one as a UNK When a lady UNK to soil a pair of evening UNK UNK UNK was dispatched to Paris for UNK But if The Prince UNK women and was fascinated by UNK he could be UNK UNK to his subordinates. He had UNK one of his generals in public. His coat trimmed in UNK diamond stars of the Orders of UNK Andrew or George UNK he was often prone to sit UNK eye UNK in a UNK UNK When this happened, everything stopped. As Littlepage UNK "A complete picture of Prince Potemkin may be had in his UNK operations. He UNK inactive for half the summer in front of UNK a quite second-rate spot, begins to UNK it UNK only during the autumn UNK and finally carries it <by UNK in the heart of winter. There's a man who never goes by the ordinary road but still arrives at his goal, who UNK gets himself into difficulty in order to get out of it with UNK in a word a man who creates UNK for himself in order to appear a UNK in destroying them". To help him do so The Prince had conferred control of his land forces on a soldier who was different from him in almost every respect save one: both were UNK of the UNK ray UNK Alexander UNK UNK now in his UNK year UNK years Potemkin's UNK was a thin, UNK person of less than medium height who looked like a professor of UNK He had a small mouth with deep UNK on either side, a large flat nose, and penetrating blue eyes. His gray hair was thin, his face beginning to attract a swarm of UNK He was ugly. But UNK face was also a theater of UNK and his tough, stooping little frame was UNK UNK Like all Russians he was an emotional man, and in him the emotions UNK UNK by nature, he never refused charity to a UNK or help to anyone who asked him for it (as Lewis would one day UNK But he was perpetually engaged in a battle to command his own UNK When Littlepage was UNK if the General behaved as usual, the newcomer faced a staccato UNK of UNK UNK UNK UNK current UNK UNK UNK the UNK if he answered UNK UNK contempt for UNK was UNK better to give an UNK answer than none at all. UNK UNK of any sort for a soldier, he slept on a pile of hay with his UNK as UNK He rose at UNK A&M& the year round and was apt to stride through camp crowing like a UNK to wake his men. His breakfast was UNK his dinner fell anywhere from nine to UNK his supper was nothing. He hadn't worn a watch or carried pocket money for years because he disliked both, but highest among his UNK were looking UNK he had snatched one from an officer's grasp and smashed it to UNK He kept several pet birds and liked cats well enough that if one crept by, he would UNK at it in friendly fashion. Passing dogs were greeted with a cordial UNK Yet General UNK who had never forgotten hearing his UNK UNK declare that all truly great men had UNK was mad only north, UNK He had come to learn that a reputation for UNK allowed mere field officers a certain UNK at UNK in camp he knew it won you the affection of your men. He had accordingly cultivated UNK to the point of second nature. UNK he remained one of the UNK Russians of his day. He UNK in UNK could get along well among most of the European languages, and was fluent in French and UNK He had also mastered the UNK tongue. For those little men with the short UNK UNK UNK and top UNK Suvorov reserved a special UNK UNK as King UNK knew, and presently informed UNK looked on the Cossacks as UNK tools. To Serenissimus such tribes as the Cossacks of the Don or those UNK the UNK Cossacks (in whose islands along the lower UNK the Polish novelist UNK would one day place UNK Fire and UNK were just elements for enforced UNK in, say, UNK where, as "the faithful of the Black Sea UNK he could use their presence as UNK points in the Czarina's territorial claims against UNK Suvorov saw in these UNK UNK not demographic units but military men of a high potential. He knew how to channel their exuberant UNK so as to transform them from mere UNK into UNK guerrilla fighters. He always kept a few on his personal staff. He often UNK their UNK costumes, such as the one featuring a tall, black UNK hat from the top of which UNK a little red bag ornamented by a chain of UNK lace and UNK broad red stripes down the UNK UNK broader leather belt round the UNK holding UNK and light UNK Suvorov played parent not just to his Cossacks but to all his troops. It was probably at this period that Littlepage got his first good look at the ordinary Russian soldier. These illiterate UNK UNK from villages all across the Czarina's empire had, Suvorov may have told Lewis, just two things a commander could count UNK physical fitness and personal UNK When their UNK came UNK into camp, they were all UNK hair, and UNK They emerged as interchangeable UNK in a faulty but formidable UNK UNK nearly UNK hair UNK UNK UNK and best of all- in the opinion of the British professional, Major UNK UNK minds are not UNK from the paths of obedience by those UNK of knowledge which only serve to lead to UNK and UNK UNK pleading her cause, must have said that Dr& Brown was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America, for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a UNK waving line indicating the irregularity of his UNK "He's got high blood pressure, too, and UNK UNK the doctor said to me. UNK look, UNK UNK could well be UNK He looked UNK at an ash tray piled high with cigarette UNK shook his head, and moved his hand back and forth in a strong negative gesture. The little official hung his head in UNK Seeing this, his colleague at the next desk gave a short, contemptuous UNK pushed forward his own ash UNK innocent of a single UNK UNK his chest to show his excellent condition, and looked proud. The doctor UNK nodded approval. At this moment Mando came UNK up to announce that the problem was solved and all Norton had to do was to sign a UNK of papers. We went out of the office and down the hall to a window where documents and more officials awaited us, the rest of the office personnel hot upon our heels. By this time word had got around that an American doctor was on the UNK One fellow who had liver spots held out his hands to the great UNK It was funny but it was also UNK "You know", Norton said to me later, "I am thinking of setting up the UNK UNK I might not make any money but I'd sure have UNK After luncheon we took advantage of the UNK period to try to get in touch with a few people to whom our dear friend UNK had written. UNK is UNK UNK a long-time member of the UNK staff who, although born in Boston, was born there of Greek parents. Several years of her life have been spent in the UNK and she had written to friends to alert them of our coming. "All you have to do, UNK dear, is to phone on your UNK They are longing to see you". The wear and tear of life have taught me that very few friends of mutual friends long to see foreign UNK but I planned on being the soul of UNK of giving them plenty of UNK was there the UNK implication that their cups were already running over without us. My diplomacy was UNK Greek phone service is worse than French, so that it was to be some little time before contact of any sort was established. In the late afternoon Mando came back to UNK us, and we drove to the Acropolis. We stopped first at the UNK that lies at the foot of the height crowned by the UNK The curving benches are UNK UNK UNK but still in place, as are the marble chairs, the seats of honor for the UNK The carved statues of the frieze against the low wall are for the most part UNK but their UNK graceful nude and draped UNK and the UNK UNK are well preserved in their perfect UNK Having completed our camera work, we started our UNK I suppose the same emotion UNK if to a lesser degree, with any famous UNK Will it live up to its UNK The weight of fame and history is UNK and dreary steel UNK in UNK do little to UNK interest and imagination. UNK UNK we think, looking at them, so that's the UNK And then perhaps one day we get to UNK We are UNK We've come a long way and spent a lot of money. It had better be good. Don't worry about the Acropolis. It is UNK Probably every visitor has a favorite time for his first sight of it. We saw it frequently UNK but our suggestion for the very first encounter is near UNK The light at that time is a UNK The UNK majestic columns of the UNK UNK in color against the pure deep blue sky, frame incredible UNK All we wanted to do was to stand very quietly and look and look and look. More than twenty-four hundred years old, UNK UNK worn and partially UNK combining to an astounding degree UNK and grace, it still stands, UNK testimony to man's UNK In UNK the UNK who had been in control of the city since the fifteenth century, with a truly UNK lack of UNK used the Parthenon as a powder UNK It was hit by a shell fired by the UNK Venetian army and the great central portion of the temple was blown to UNK UNK is the temple of UNK The architectural UNK the UNK upholding the UNK famous around the world as the UNK of the UNK was referred to UNK by Mando as the UNK Place. Another beautiful building is the UNK the entrance gate of the Acropolis. My other UNK of art and architectural UNK besides remembering that it was UNK who designed the doors of the UNK in UNK is the three styles of Greek columns. For some happy reason UNK UNK and Corinthian have always stuck in my mind. UNK I can identify each design. It remained, however, for Mando to teach me that UNK symbolized strength, Ionic wisdom, and Corinthian beauty, the three pillars of the ancient world. The columns of the Parthenon are UNK UNK Another classic sight that gave us considerable pleasure was the UNK UNK in his ballet skirt with great UNK on his shoes, who was UNK up and down in front of the palace. UNK on shoulder, he would march UNK for a few yards, bring his heels together with a UNK make a brisk UNK UNK UNK and march back to his point of UNK We did not dare speak to so exalted a being, but Norton aimed his camera and shot him, so to speak, on the rise, the split second between the halt and the turn. The evening of our first day we drove with Christopher and Judy UNK who were friends and patients of UNK to UNK at a restaurant on the shores of the UNK On the way out Mr& UNK UNK up a special hill from which one may obtain a UNK view of the Acropolis lighted by night. The great spectacle was a source of UNK and Son et UNK which the French were trying to promote with the UNK was the reason. These performances were being staged at historical monuments throughout Europe. By a combination of music, lighting effects, and UNK famous events that have transpired in these locations are evoked and UNK for large audiences usually to considerable UNK The Acropolis had been scheduled for the treatment too, but apparently it was to take place at the time of the full moon when the UNK themselves, out of respect for the natural beauty of the occasion, were UNK to UNK their own usual nocturnal UNK UNK society was split into two UNK the UNK and the Artists. The Artists contended that the UNK gross of soul, were all for having Son et UNK since the French were footing the bill and the UNK wherever it had been done, had proven popular. This was the UNK kind of materialism and they, the UNK would have no truck with it. The Acropolis was unique in the world and if that UNK work flooded by moonlight wasn't enough for both natives and UNK then they were quite simply UNK and the hell with them. It was very UNK The restaurant to which the UNK took us on this night of controversy was the UNK on UNK beach. This is a public bathing beach, easily accessible by UNK from the center of UNK Office workers frequently go out there to lunch and swim during the UNK period, which, during the summer, UNK from two until five in the afternoon, when shops and offices are again open for business. They close sometime after eight. Nine o'clock is the rush hour, when the UNK are UNK and by UNK the restaurants are beginning to UNK UNK is late, for the UNK evenings are delightful and everyone wants to linger under the stars. The sand is fine and UNK the UNK are clean, and the UNK green, UNK and butter yellow, are very UNK Although open to the general public it is not UNK the atmosphere is that of an attractive private beach club at home. We went there a couple of times to swim and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. This agreeable state of affairs is UNK I think, on two counts. One is Greece is not yet suffering from UNK The public may still find pleasure in public places. The other is that the charge for UNK and UNK though modest from an American point of view, still is a little high for many UNK We were struck by the notable absence of UNK skins and beer UNK but just so that we wouldn't go overboard on Greek UNK perfection was UNK by a couple of UNK portable UNK Greek boys and girls also go for UNK and the stations most UNK to are those carrying United States overseas programs. A good deal of English was spoken on the beach, most educated Greeks learn it in childhood, and there were also American wives and children of our overseas UNK For a delightful drive out of Athens I should recommend UNK at the end of the UNK UNK The road, a comparatively new one, is very good, winding along UNK UNK and UNK of deep and brilliant blue. I suppose the day will inevitably come when the area will be UNK with developments, but at present it is deserted and UNK Three beneficial UNK to progress are the lack of water, electricity, and UNK At UNK there is a group of beautiful columns, the ruins of a temple to UNK of particular interest at that time, as active reconstruction was in progress. UNK UNK UNK the UNK and on the ground segments of columns two and a half to three feet in thickness were being fitted with sections UNK UNK to match exactly the UNK and proportion of the original. Later they would be UNK into place. There is a mediocre restaurant at UNK and I fed a thin little Grecian cat and gave it two UNK of water- there was no UNK which it UNK up as though it were UNK I think its UNK had never been UNK before. Norton and I UNK one night in a UNK restaurant in UNK right on the water's edge. To enter it, you go down five or six steps from the road. Across the road is the UNK and waiters bearing great UNK of dishes dodge traffic as UNK as their French colleagues at the restaurant in the Place du UNK in Paris. This restaurant, too, had a cat, a UNK thin little creature. How <can> a cat be thin in a fish UNK But this one was. When offered a UNK it glanced right and left and UNK obviously frightened and expecting a UNK but too hungry not to UNK the UNK Greece was one of the highlights of our trip, but beginning in Greece and continuing around the world throughout Southeast Asia the treatment of animals was UNK ranging from UNK indifference to active cruelty. This of course was not true of the educated and sophisticated people we met, who loved their UNK but kindness is not a basic human UNK We met some charming UNK and among them our UNK UNK ranked high. His English was limited, and the little he knew he found UNK A particularly UNK phrase was UNK UNK we have time at our UNK This he claimed was the favorite refrain of the English. They would be UNK under a tree sipping UNK UNK the leisurely life, assuring him that the day was yet young. "Let him become honest, and they UNK UNK But let him be ready to invent whatever UNK to UNK whatever UNK and to UNK his paper to whatever UNK and they UNK him to their heart. In proportion to the UNK of his moral worth, is the increase of his worth to them". To UNK the legislature and thereby UNK himself from a sticky situation, Pike took another course and made it appear that the legislature had been UNK He claimed in his attacks that Woodruff, with UNK UNK had deliberately written an ambiguous bid that had so confused the honest members of the legislature that they had awarded him the contract without knowing what they were doing. The charge was so UNK that Woodruff paid little attention to it, and answered Pike in a rather bored way, UNK declaring that a UNK hand" was pumping the UNK of the UNK UNK and UNK "In a controversy with an adversary so utterly UNK of moral principles, even a triumph would entitle the UNK to no UNK The game is not worth the ammunition it would cost. We therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the UNK reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he UNK Despite UNK continuing refusal to debate with Pike through the columns of his newspaper, Pike did not let up his attack for a moment. Over the months he became a political UNK with an incessant barrage of satirical poems UNK Woodruff, the UNK letters UNK Woodruff, and long analytical articles UNK Woodruff. So persistent were these attacks that in March of the following year, Woodruff was finally moved to action, and Pike was to learn his first lesson in frontier politics, the subtle art of UNK To attack Pike directly would gain Woodruff little, for as a UNK newcomer Pike had nothing to lose. By this time Woodruff had accurately measured Pike as a man of great personal pride, a man who would fly into a towering rage if his integrity were questioned, and who would be anxious to UNK himself. UNK honor would now come under attack, but not by Woodruff himself. The charges would be made in the <Gazette> by an anonymous UNK and Pike would be so busy trying to track down the UNK character UNK that he would forget about UNK Woodruff. The strategy worked UNK Pike was stunned by the first blast against his character, which was published in the March 4th issue of the <Gazette> under the name UNK The anonymous correspondent did not resort to UNK He called Pike a UNK He said Pike had stolen UNK from Harris during the Santa UNK UNK he accused Pike of continuing his UNK career in Arkansas with the theft of some otter skins in Van UNK The charges caught Pike off balance, coming as they did from an unexpected UNK UNK he used the UNK of March 7th for a UNK sending immediately to Santa UNK and Van UNK for documents to UNK himself, and demanding that Woodruff reveal the name of this UNK UNK who disguised himself under a pastoral UNK Woodruff said nothing, and Pike, frustrated, stormed throughout Little Rock in an unsuccessful search for UNK asking his friends to keep their ears open. Finally he learned through the UNK that the UNK might be one James W& Robinson in Pope County. Without further inquiry, Pike jumped to the conclusion that Robinson was guilty, and, following the honorable route that would eventually lead to the UNK ground, sent a message to Robinson through his friends, demanding that he either confirm or deny his UNK Robinson did neither. To Pike, silence was tantamount to an admission of guilt, and he determined to get Robinson onto the UNK ground at all costs. On April UNK he wrote an open letter in the UNK making it known "to the world that UNK W& Robinson <is by his own UNK a base UNK and a UNK If Robinson was a UNK and a UNK he was also a very UNK gentleman, for nothing that Pike could do would pry so much as a single word out of him. UNK with his own defense and his attempts to get Robinson to fight, Pike lessened his attacks on Woodruff, and finally stopped them altogether. And Pike never did find out if Robinson was really responsible for the UNK letter. UNK strategy had been immensely successful. It took Pike a long time to realize what Woodruff had done, and it had a profound effect on him. Once he learned a lesson, he never forgot it. In the next few months of comparative silence, Pike waited patiently until conditions were perfect for a new attack, and then, displaying a remarkable grasp of the subtleties of political UNK gained from his first bout with Woodruff, he used these changed conditions to excellent advantage. Shortly after the UNK incident, a UNK began to develop between William Woodruff and Governor Pope. UNK UNK UNK honest, Governor Pope had been the ideal man to assume office in Arkansas after the UNK antics of political UNK like UNK and he ruled the state with an iron UNK UNK no nonsense. Woodruff had supported him all the way, both as a chief executive and as a man. Besides being political allies, they were also friends. This warm relationship came to an abrupt end in June of 1834 when the National Congress appropriated $3,000 for compiling and printing the laws of Arkansas UNK and, taking note of the recent wave of corruption in the UNK left it to the governor to award the contract. Woodruff wanted this political UNK very UNK and everyone assumed that he would get it because he was a close friend of the governor and his UNK UNK After all, Woodruff owned a competent printing plant and was the logical man for the job. But because the governor was determined that friendship should not influence him one way or the other, he looked for a UNK with a knowledge of the law (which Woodruff did not UNK and awarded the contract to a lawyer named John Steele who had started a newspaper in UNK the year before. Woodruff was UNK Considering the governor's act a personal UNK he UNK his feelings in the <Gazette> on August 26, UNK "We think the governor treated us rather UNK to say the least of it. **h It is but justice to Mr& Steele for us to add that, in the above remarks, nothing is intended to his UNK either as a lawyer or as a UNK He got a good fat job and we congratulate him on his good UNK We hope that he will execute it in a manner that will entitle him to UNK As summer cooled into fall and winter, even so the relationship between the two men continued to grow colder by the day, and by December of 1834 it was UNK It was at this point that Pike decided to capitalize on the bad feelings between the two men. The eventual prize in this new battle was the public printing contract that Woodruff still held. From his first bout with the UNK Woodruff, Pike had learned that it was better not to attack him directly, so, harping on the theme that the cost of printing was too high, he condemned the governor for permitting such a state of affairs to exist. To document his charge, Pike set up two parallel columns in the UNK showing the price charged by the <Gazette> and the considerably lower price for which the work could be done elsewhere. Then he called on the governor to explain why. The governor was not used to having his integrity questioned, and he promptly passed the charges on to Woodruff, demanding that Woodruff answer them. If Woodruff could not furnish a strong explanation, the governor insisted that he lower his prices in accord with the scale printed in the UNK Woodruff was now UNK on the UNK of a dilemma. As a proud man, his prestige would suffer if he let Pike dictate to him through the governor's office, but to lower his prices would be tantamount to an admission that they had been too high in the first place. As a consequence, he did neither. Very angry at Woodruff, the governor used his personal influence to have the printing contract withdrawn from the <Gazette> and awarded to the lowest UNK which, by a strange coincidence, happened to be UNK UNK And, for the moment at least, the governor now found himself allied with the head of the UNK faction he had formerly UNK and Pike was credited with a clear triumph over Woodruff. But in the confused atmosphere of frontier politics, UNK were as quickly broken as they were formed, and as Pike came to favor with the governor of the UNK the governor fell out of favor with the President of the United States. On January 28, UNK Andrew Jackson removed Pope from office and elevated UNK Secretary William S& Fulton to the position. Fulton was a very close friend of Jackson, and had been his private secretary for a number of years in the old days. As a UNK party man and a UNK Democrat, he had little tolerance for Whigs like Pike, and Pike lost any immediate personal advantage his victory over Woodruff might have gained him. UNK As Pike proved himself adept in the political UNK he also became a social lion in the village of Little Rock, where he served as a symbol of the culture that the ladies of the town were striving so eagerly to UNK After all, Pike was an established poet and his work had been published in the respectable UNK of that center of American culture, Boston. His UNK and the fact that he was UNK did much to offset the unkind words travelers used to describe Little Rock after a visit there. For some reason, none of them were impressed with the territorial capital. The UNK known UNK and traveler UNK UNK was typical of its UNK in the UNK "Little Rock is a UNK UNK place **h". he wrote. "Little Rock is, without any UNK one of the UNK towns in the United States and I would not have remained two hours in the place, if I had not met with some good friends who made me forget its UNK Pike enjoyed his new social position UNK and cultivated in himself those UNK necessary to its UNK He was especially popular with women, for, like the romantic poetry he wrote, he was personally UNK UNK and UNK He again began to play the UNK and UNK the instrument beneath his UNK performed UNK and romantic UNK to match the expressions on the faces of the lovely women who gathered to hear him. His artistic accomplishments guaranteed him entry into any social UNK He composed songs and set them to music and sang them in a soft, melodious voice, and when his audience had had enough of music he would UNK on politics or tell stories of his western adventures guaranteed to excite the emotions of men and women alike. The bulk of his early reputation, however, came not from his poetry or his music, but from his excellence as an UNK By 1834 the art of UNK had reached a very high level in the United States as a literary form. The orator of this period, in order to earn a reputation, had to pay close attention to the formal composition of his speech, judging how it would appear in print as well as the effect it would have on the audience that heard it. Very soon after his arrival in Little Rock, Pike had joined one of the most influential organizations in town, the Little Rock UNK Society, and it was with this group that he made his debut as an UNK being invited to deliver the annual Fourth of July address the club sponsored every year. UNK UNK founder of Warwick, was styled by the historian Samuel Greene Arnold "one of the most remarkable men who ever UNK A UNK called him "the premature John the Baptist of New England UNK The historian Charles Francis Adams called him "a crude and UNK UNK His UNK in Massachusetts called him an UNK a UNK a UNK a proud and UNK UNK a prodigious UNK of UNK UNK Edward Rawson, secretary of the colony of Massachusetts Bay, described him as "a man whose spirit was UNK drunk with UNK and UNK a UNK of the truth, a UNK of the peace wherever he UNK UNK Morton stated he "was deeply UNK with blasphemous and UNK UNK He was thrown out, more or less, from Boston, UNK Pocasset, Newport, and Providence. On the other hand, Dr& UNK UNK recorded the following testimony of John UNK the last UNK of UNK " He said Gorton was a holy man; wept day and night for the sins and blindness of the world **h had a long walk through the trees and woods by his house, where he constantly walked morning and evening, and even in the depths of the night, alone by himself, for UNK and the enjoyment of the dispensation of light. He was universally beloved by his UNK and the Indians, who esteemed him, not only as a friend, but one high in communion with God in UNK Gorton sometimes signed himself "a professor of the mysteries of UNK There is plenty more to recommend Gorton, the facts of whose life are given in <The Life and Times of Samuel UNK by UNK Gorton. He fought like a UNK for the helpless and UNK worked for the abolition of slavery, helped the UNK and Indians, and worked against the prosecution of UNK He defied the Boston UNK and after they sent a small army to get him he UNK the court, including John UNK with one of the most complicated religious UNK ever heard. Samuel Gorton was born at Gorton, England, near the present city of Manchester, about UNK Although he did not attend any celebrated schools or universities, he was a master of Greek and Hebrew and could read the Bible in the original. He worked as a UNK in London, but was greatly concerned with religion. Gorton left England, he said, "to enjoy UNK of conscience in respect to faith towards God, and for no other UNK With his wife and three or more children he arrived in Boston in March, UNK and soon found it was no place for anyone looking for liberty of conscience. Roger Williams had recently been thrown out, and Anne UNK and her UNK were UNK it out with the UNK Gorton and his family moved to Plymouth. Soon he was in trouble there, for defending a woman who was accused of smiling in church. She was Ellen UNK a widow of good UNK who was employed by Gorton's wife and lived with the family. The report was: " It had been UNK privately that she had smiled in the congregation, and the Governor UNK sent to UNK her business, and command, after punishment as the bench see fit, her departure and also anyone who brought her "to the place from which she UNK Gorton said they were preparing to UNK her as a UNK and to escape the shame she fled to the woods for several days, returning at night. He advised the poor woman not to appear in court as what she was charged with was not in violation of law. Gorton appeared for her, however, and what he told the magistrates must have been UNK for he was charged with UNK the court, UNK and told to leave the colony within fourteen days. He left in a storm for Pocasset, December 4, UNK His wife was in delicate health and nursing an infant with UNK The UNK Mrs& UNK was residing at Pocasset, after having been UNK by the Boston church and thrown out of the colony. One can imagine that with her and Gorton there it was no place for anyone with weak nerves. William UNK who was running the UNK felt UNK to move seven miles south where, with others- as mentioned UNK he founded UNK When, in March, UNK the two towns were united under UNK Gorton claimed the union was irregular and UNK constituted and that it had never been sanctioned by the majority of UNK Then he became involved in a UNK remarkably similar to the one in Plymouth. A cow owned by an old woman UNK on Gorton's land. While driving the cow back home the woman was assaulted by a servant maid of Gorton. The old woman complained to the deputy governor, who ordered the servant brought before the court. Gorton UNK to his UNK tactics, refused to let her go, and appeared himself before the UNK grand jury. During the trial he told off the jury, called them "Just UNK and called a UNK "a UNK boy and UNK He was UNK and UNK Gorton then moved to Providence and soon put the town in a UNK He held that no group of UNK could set up or maintain a government without royal UNK Since Rhode Island at that time did not have such UNK his opinion was not popular. Roger Williams wrote his friend Winthrop as follows: " Master Gorton, having UNK abused high and low at UNK is now UNK and UNK poor Providence, both with his UNK and UNK UNK of all the ministers of this country (for which myself have in Christ's name withstood UNK and also denying all visible and external ordinances in depth of UNK almost all suck in his UNK as at first they did at UNK Some few and myself withstand his UNK and town privileges, without confession and UNK of his UNK and inhuman practices at UNK yet the tide is too strong against us, and I fear (if the UNK of hearts help UNK it will force me to little UNK a little isle next to your UNK Williams also stated: "Our peace was like the peace of a man who hath the UNK UNK Providence finally managed to get Gorton out of the town, and he and some friends bought land at UNK on the west side of Narragansett Bay, five miles south but still within the jurisdiction of the Providence colony. This town should not be confused with UNK just north of Providence, or UNK Connecticut, on the UNK River, opposite UNK Rhode Island. Up to now, Gorton had been looking for trouble, and now that he was trying to get away from it, trouble started looking for him. Upon intelligence that the formidable UNK was to favor them with his presence, the UNK inhabitants of Pawtuxet, alas, gave their allegiance to Massachusetts and asked that colony to UNK the UNK As it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protection, this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of UNK and saying "Come and get it". Gorton and company, however, promptly bought land from UNK a few miles south of Pawtuxet, extending from the present UNK Point south to Warwick UNK and twenty miles UNK The settlement was called UNK It was not within the jurisdiction of anybody or anything, including Providence and Massachusetts. If Gorton wanted peace and quiet for his complicated UNK this is where he should have had it. Instead of that he was engulfed by UNK UNK and UNK a couple of minor UNK (of something less than exalted UNK under UNK declared that they had never UNK to the sale of land to Gorton and had never received anything for it. Following the glorious lead of the heroes of Pawtuxet, they also submitted themselves to the protection of Massachusetts. One historical authority presents UNK and UNK testimony tending to arouse suspicion that Massachusetts was behind the clouds settling down on the UNK Gorton. However, the General Court at Boston ordered the purchasers of UNK to appear before them to answer the UNK claim. The purchasers rejected the order in two letters written in vigorous terms. Then Massachusetts switched to its standard UNK It pointed out twenty-six instances of UNK in the letters, and ordered the writers to submit or force of arms would be used. The next week, forty soldiers were sent to get the UNK The latter tried to UNK through a delegation from Providence, which offer was declined by the UNK The Commissioners at Boston wrote the victims to see their misdeeds and UNK or they should "look upon them as men prepared for UNK At UNK women and children fled in terror across the Bay. The men fortified a UNK and got ready to fight, but meanwhile appealed to the King and again tried to UNK Gorton evidently still had plenty to learn about Massachusetts, but he was learning fast. Governor Winthrop wrote: " You may do well to take UNK that besides the title to land between the English and the Indians there, there are twelve of the English that have UNK their names to horrible and UNK UNK who are rather to be judged as blasphemous than they should UNK us by winning time under pretence of UNK The attack started on October 2, UNK and the UNK held out for a day and a night. The UNK sent for more soldiers, and the UNK to save UNK surrendered under the promise that they would be treated as neighbors. UNK their livestock was taken and according to Gorton the soldiers were ordered to knock down anyone who should utter a word of UNK and run through anyone who might step out of line. When the UNK arrived in Boston, "the UNK [of their UNK went to prayers in the open streets, that the people might take notice what they had done in a holy manner, and in the name of the UNK Gorton and ten of his friends were thrown in UNK On Sunday they refused to attend church. The magistrates were determined to compel them. The prisoners agreed, provided they might speak after the sermon, which was permitted. Here was Gorton's chance to indulge in something at which he was UNK The Boston elders were great at UNK the opposition with UNK of ecclesiastical UNK but Gorton was better. Reverend Cotton preached to them about UNK and the shrines of UNK Gorton replied with UNK that scandalized the congregation. At the trial which took place later, the UNK matter was completely omitted. The UNK were charged with UNK and tried for their lives. Four ecclesiastical questions were presented by the General Court to UNK UNK Whether the UNK who died before Christ was born of the Virgin Mary, were justified and saved only by the blood which hee UNK and the death which hee suffered after his UNK _2._ Whether the only price of our UNK were not the death of Christ on the cross, with the rest of his sufferings and UNK in the time of his life here, after hee was born of the Virgin UNK _3._ Who was the God whom hee UNK we UNK _4._ What hee means when hee UNK wee worship the UNK of our God UNK UNK UNK Gorton answered in writing. All of the elders except three voted for death, but a majority of the deputies refused to sanction the UNK Seven of the prisoners were sentenced to be confined in UNK for as long as it pleased the court, set to work and, if they broke jail or proclaimed UNK to be executed if UNK The three others got off easier. The convicts were put in UNK UNK before the congregation at the Reverend UNK lecture as an example, and sent to UNK in various towns, where they UNK all winter, chains UNK When Fred wheeled him back into his room, the big one looking out on the back porch, and put him to bed, Papa told him he was very tired but that he had enjoyed greatly the trip downtown. "I've been UNK up so UNK he added. Getting out again, seeing old friends, had given his spirits a UNK That night after supper I went back over to 48 UNK UNK Ralph and I at that time were living at 168 UNK and Ralph went with me. Papa was still UNK over his afternoon visit downtown. UNK I saw a lot of old friends I hadn't seen in a long time", he told me, his eyes bright. "It was mighty good for the old man to get out again". The next day he seemed to be in fairly good shape and still in excellent spirits. But a few days after UNK return he began UNK and that was the beginning of early and complete UNK It began in the morning, and very quickly the UNK was a massive one. We got Dr& Glenn to him as quickly as we could, and we wired Tom of Papa's desperate condition. The UNK was in the UNK UNK Dr& Glenn saw at once what had happened. "He has lost much blood", he said. UNK take a lot to replace it". UNK UNK I've got a lot of blood", Fred spoke up, UNK of it. Let me give Papa UNK The doctor agreed, but explained that it would be necessary first to check UNK blood to ascertain whether or not it was of the same type as UNK To give a patient the wrong type of blood, said the doctor, would likely kill him. That was in the days before blood banks, of course, and transfusions had to be given directly from donor to patient. One had to find a UNK and usually very quickly, whose blood corresponded with the UNK And then it took considerably longer to make preparations for giving UNK They had to take blood samples to the laboratory to test them, for one thing, and there was much required preliminary procedure. They made the tests and came to UNK by now it was perhaps two days or longer after Papa had begun UNK UNK your blood matches your UNK all right", Dr& Glenn said. "But we aren't going to let you give him UNK "But why in the name of God can't I give my father UNK Fred demanded. "Why can't I, UNK UNK UNK it could do him no good. It's too late now. He's past UNK He's as good as UNK And in a few minutes Papa was dead. It was well past UNK Papa had left us about the same hour of the night that Ben had passed on. The date was June 20, UNK UNK O& Wolfe, prominent business man and pioneer resident of this section, died shortly after midnight Tuesday at his home 48 UNK UNK the UNK <Times> of Wednesday, June 21, announced. "Mr& Wolfe had been in declining health for many years and death was not UNK A biographical sketch followed. Funeral services were held Thursday afternoon at four o'clock at the home. UNK Dr& R& F& Campbell, our First Presbyterian Church pastor, was in charge. The burial was out in Riverside UNK All about him stood UNK his own sensitive great hands had UNK A few years before his death Papa had agreed with Mama to make a joint will with her in which it would be provided that in the event of the death of either of them an accounting would be made to their children whereby each child would receive a UNK of $5000 cash. At his death Fred and UNK my husband, were named UNK of the estate under the terms of the will. Fred and Ralph qualified as UNK and paid off what debts were currently due, and they were all UNK since Papa was never one to allow bills to go UNK The bills were principally for UNK and UNK fees during the last years of his life, and when he died he owed in the main only current doctor's bills. After they had paid all his debts and the funeral costs, Ralph and Fred had some fourteen thousand dollars, as I remember, with which to pay the UNK This, UNK would not provide $5000 to each of the surviving five children. So what Fred and Ralph did was to attempt to UNK the money fairly by taking into account what each of the five had received, if anything, from the estate before Papa's death. Consequently, Fred and UNK the two who had been provided college UNK signed statements to the effect that each had received his UNK in full, and UNK and I were each allotted UNK Frank had been given about half his legacy to use in a business venture before Papa's death; he was given the difference between that amount and UNK Tom had received four years of education at the University of North Carolina and two at Harvard, and Fred had been in and out of Georgia Tech and UNK Tech and part of the time had been a self-help student. So, because he had received less than UNK it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that UNK And that's how Papa's estate was UNK Papa, I should UNK had been an UNK the last several years of his life; his hospital and doctor bills had been large and his income had been cut until he was receiving little except small UNK on some properties he still UNK Had he been able to escape this long UNK of UNK I'm UNK Papa would have left a sizable estate. But he had succeeded well, we agreed. He had left us a legacy far more valuable than houses and lands and stocks and bonds. For years Papa and Mama had been large taxpayers. I recall that several years their taxes exceeded UNK In those years of lower property UNK and lower tax rates, that payment represented ownership of much property. UNK God, UNK I have known Papa to UNK on getting his tax bill, UNK going to the UNK But he never expected to do that. And he didn't, by a long UNK UNK In the spring of his second year at Harvard, Tom had been offered a job at Northwestern University as an instructor in the English Department. But he had delayed accepting this job, and as he was leaving to come home to Papa in response to our UNK he dropped a postcard to Miss UNK head of the Harvard UNK Office, asking her please to write Northwestern authorities and explain the circumstances. Actually Tom had been UNK giving them an answer, I'm UNK because he did not want to go out there to teach. In fact, he didn't want to teach anywhere. He wanted to go back to Harvard for another year of UNK But Papa's death had further complicated the financing of Tom's UNK third year, and for the weeks following it Tom did not know whether his return to Harvard could be arranged. But things were worked out in the family and late in August he wrote Miss UNK an explanatory letter in which he told her that matters at home had been in an unsettled condition after Papa's death and he had not known whether he would stay at home with UNK accept the Northwestern job, or return to UNK But he was happy to tell her that his finances were now in such condition that he could go back to Harvard for a third year with Professor UNK And that's what he did. That third year he wrote plays with a UNK I believe there are seventeen short plays by Tom now housed in the UNK Library at UNK I think I'm right in that figure. That fall he submitted to Professor Baker the first acts and outlines of the following acts of several plays, six of them, according to some of his associates, and he also worked on a play that he first called UNK the material for which he had collected during the summer at home. Later this play would be called <Welcome to Our UNK In the spring, it must have been, he began working on the play that he called <The UNK which later would be UNK That spring <Welcome to Our UNK was selected for production by the 47 Workshop and it was staged in the middle of May. It ran two nights, and though it was generally UNK there was considerable criticism of its length. It ran until past one o'clock. That was Tom's UNK it was demonstrated, many critics would later point out, in the length of his UNK In this play there were so many characters and so much detail. Tom never knew how to UNK to boil down. He was always concerned with life, and he tried to picture it UNK he wanted nothing UNK UNK He was a big man, and he wanted nothing little, UNK he UNK UNK and particularly of words. In this play there were some thirty or more named characters and I don't know how many more UNK In describing it to Professor Baker after it had been chosen for production, he defended his great array of characters by declaring that he had included that many not because "I didn't know how to save UNK but because the play required them. And he threatened someday to write a play "with UNK UNK a hundred people- a whole town, a whole race, a whole UNK He said he would do it, though probably nobody would produce it, for his own UNK ease and UNK That summer Tom attended the summer session at Harvard, but he did not ask Mama to send him back in the fall. Instead, he went down to New York and submitted <Welcome to Our UNK to the Theatre UNK which had asked him to let them have a look at it after Professor Baker had recommended it UNK He hung around New York, waiting to hear whether they would accept it for production and in that time came down to UNK and also paid a short visit to Chapel Hill, where with almost childish delight he visited old friends and favorite campus spots. On returning to New York he had a job for several UNK it was visiting University of North Carolina alumni in New York to ask them for contributions to the Graham Memorial Building UNK The Graham Memorial would be the campus student union honoring the late and much beloved Edward UNK Graham, who had been president when Tom entered the university. Well, the Theatre Guild kept that play, and kept it, and finally in December they turned it down. But they would reconsider it, they assured him, if he would rewrite it. Tom told me about it, how one evening he went over to see the Theatre Guild man. This man, Tom said, had the play shut up in his desk, I believe, and when Tom sat down, he pulled it out and UNK told Tom that they wouldn't be able to use it. Tom said he almost burst into tears, he was so disappointed and put out. The man, Tom said, explained that it was not only too long and detailed but that as it stood it wasn't the sort of thing the public wanted. The public, Tom said the man told him, wanted realism, and his play wasn't that. It was fantastic writing, beautiful writing, the man declared, but the public, he insisted, wanted realism. Tom was not willing to revise the play according to the plan the man suggested. Such a UNK he said, would ruin it, would change his whole conception of the play as well as the treatment. He thought about it and he told the man he just couldn't do it over in accordance with the suggestions he had made. ## It was not until we had returned to the city to live, while I was still at Brown and UNK that I felt the full impact of evangelical Christianity. I came under the spell of a younger group in the church led by the UNK older son. The spirit of this group was that we UNK and are- living in a world doomed to eternal UNK but that God through Jesus Christ has provided a way of escape for those who confess their sins and accept salvation. There are millions who accept this doctrine, but few indeed are those who accept it so truly that the fate of humanity lies as a weight on their souls night and day. This group in Park Place Church was made up of the earnest few. I was drawn deeper and deeper into these concerns and responsibilities. I engaged more and more in religious activities. Besides Church and Sunday School I went to UNK meetings on the sidewalk at the church door. I went to an afternoon service at the UNK I went to the Christian UNK Society and to the evening service of the church. Much of this lacked the active support of the pastor. The young people were UNK and I was UNK Once or twice my father asked me if I wasn't UNK a bit in my UNK Meanwhile I myself was not yet saved. At least I had been unable to lay hold on the experience of UNK Try as I might to confess my sins and accept salvation, no answer came to me from heaven. Finally, after years, I gave up. The basic difficulty, I suppose, was in my ultimate inability to feel a burden of sin from which I sought relief. I was familiar with UNK UNK which I read as literature. No load of sin had been laid on my shoulders, nor did earnest effort enable me to become conscious of one. There is, of course, the doctrine of original sin, which asserts that each of us as individuals UNK of the guilt of our first UNK In the UNK UNK this doctrine is worded thus: "In UNK fall We UNK all". This doctrine was UNK to my moral sense. I did not feel it presumptuous to expect that the Creator would be at least as just as the most UNK of His UNK and the doctrine of original sin is compounded of UNK Some of these UNK not all of them- have taken organized form in later years. The actual UNK force which severed me from evangelical effort was of another sort. I became disgusted at being so preoccupied with the state of my own miserable soul. I found myself becoming one of that group of people who, in UNK words, "are forever gazing into their own UNK anxiously asking UNK I right, am I UNK I UNK me of the Lord's UNK and these words came to UNK UNK kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven". They have remained on the opened page of my mind in all the years which since have passed. From that time to this my religious concern is that I might give effective help to the bringing in of God's kingdom on earth. I do not claim to be free from sin, or from the need for UNK and forgiveness. In my experience the assurance of forgiveness comes only when I have confessed to the UNK one and have made as full UNK as I can UNK ## There was one further step in my religious progress. This was taken after I came to live in UNK and it was made under the guidance of the Reverend Raymond UNK a young preacher who came to the Congregational Church there at about the same time that I moved from New York. His father was a professor at UNK Theological UNK and from him he acquired a conviction, which he passed along to me, that there is in the universe of persons a moral law, the law of love, which is a natural law in the same sense as is the physical law. It is most important that we recognize the law of love as being unbreakable in all personal relationships, whether individually, socially or as between whole nations of people. If UNK the law brings order and satisfaction. If UNK the result is turmoil and chaos. As we observe moral law and physical law they appear as being inevitable. We can conceive of no alternatives. Their basis seems deeper than mere authority. They are not true because scientists or prophets say they are true. It is not the authority of God UNK which makes them true. Because God is what He is, the laws of the universe, material and spiritual, are what they are. UNK and Law are one and UNK With this conviction, the partition between the sacred and the secular UNK UNK daily work becomes UNK since it is performed in the field of influence of the moral law, dealing as it does with people as well as with matter and energy. In his book UNK and UNK Albert Schweitzer faces the moral problems which arise when moral law is recognized in business life, for example. His UNK defines UNK as the property of the community, of which the individual is sovereign UNK One serves society by conducting a business from which a certain number of employees draw their means of UNK another by giving away his property in order to help his fellow man. Each will decide on his own course somewhere between these two extreme cases according to the sense of responsibility which is determined for him by the particular circumstances of his own life. No one is to judge others". He is uncompromising in assigning guilt to the man who finds it necessary to UNK or permit injury to one individual or group for the sake of a larger good. For this decision a man must take personal responsibility. Says he, "I may never imagine that in the struggle between personal and UNK responsibility it is possible to make a compromise between the ethical and the UNK in the shape of a relative UNK or to let the ethical be superseded by the UNK On the contrary it is my duty to make my own decision as between the UNK Schweitzer seems, in fact, to acquire for himself a burden of sin, not UNK by Adam, but accumulated in the inevitable judgments which life requires of him as between greater and lesser responsibilities. This viewpoint I find interesting, but it has never weighed on my soul. Perhaps it should have. My own experience has followed simpler lines. An uncompromising belief in the moral law has the advantage of making religion natural, even as physical law is natural. Neither the engineer nor the ordinary citizen feels any UNK in UNK the laws of matter and energy, nor can he achieve a sense of UNK in such UNK To obey the moral law is just ordinary common sense, applied to a neglected field. Religion thus becomes integrated with life. This truth that the moral law is natural has other important UNK One of them is that it gives meaning and purpose to life. In seeking for such meaning and purpose, Albert Schweitzer seized upon the concept of the UNK of life". It is puzzling to the UNK mind (to mine at UNK to assign UNK to UNK UNK and plant life. These lives are in themselves outside of the moral order and are UNK with moral responsibility. There is indeed a moral responsibility on man himself, for his own UNK sake, to respect lower life and to avoid the UNK of suffering, but this viewpoint Schweitzer UNK So far as UNK UNK in any aspect of creation it seems to me to be found in human personality, whether in UNK Africa, or in Washington, D&C&. One cannot read the records of scientists, officials and travelers who have penetrated to the minds of the most savage races without realizing that each individual met with is a UNK UNK for instance, in Malcolm UNK UNK UNK of UNK and her wise father UNK UNK and her final adjustment to UNK civilization. Above all read in UNK UNK <The Last UNK how the old man of the UNK tribe (not UNK in central Australia gave to the white man his UNK UNK while the tears UNK down his face. The Australian aborigine is the conventional UNK of UNK UNK yet here was a depth of sensibility which is lacking in a considerable portion of the beneficiaries of our civilization. UNK whether white, black, brown or yellow, are a concern of God. UNK for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as UNK Such is the field for exercising our UNK As to our action, let us UNK ourselves with the purpose expressed by Jesus in the Lord's UNK UNK kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven". With the knowledge that the kingdom comes by obedience to the moral law in our relations with all people, we have a firm intellectual grasp on both the means and the ends of our lives. This intellectual approach to spiritual life suited me well, because I was never content to lead a divided life. As I have said, words from UNK remain ever in my UNK "That mind and soul, according well, May make one music as UNK Let us now give some thought to the soul. When the young UNK Dr& UNK began to show interest in our daughter UNK this induced a corresponding interest, on our part, in him. I asked one day what he was doing. He told me that he had a big newt and a little newt and that he was UNK a big eye of the big newt onto the little newt and a little eye of the little newt onto the big UNK He was then noting that the big eye on the little newt hung back until the little eye had grown up to it, while the little eye on the big newt grew rapidly until it was as big as the other. Then I asked, "What does that teach you"? Said he, "It teaches me to UNK This was a profound statement. In the face of the unfolding universe, our ultimate attitude is that of UNK UNK is indeed the intellectual UNK to the spiritual world. UNK are the days when, in the nineteenth century, scientists thought that they were close to the attainment of complete knowledge of the physical universe. For them only a little more needed to be learned, and then all physical knowledge could be neatly UNK packaged and put in the inventory to be drawn on for the solution of any human problem. This UNK was blown to bits by the UNK of UNK the revelation of the complex anatomy of the atom and the discovery of the expanding universe. None of these discoveries were neatly rounded off bits of knowledge. Each faded out into the unexplored areas of the future. It is as if we, in our center of human observation, from time to time penetrate more deeply into the unknown. As our radius of UNK UNK increases, the area of new knowledge increases by **f, and the total of human knowledge becomes measured in terms of **f. UNK UNK It is UNK There are some people, intelligent people, who seem to be untouched by the sea of wonder in which we are immersed and in which we spend our lives. One such is Abraham UNK the writer of a recent book, UNK of UNK This is a straightforward denial of the spiritual world and a vigorous defense of pure UNK His inability to wonder UNK his argument. The subject of immortality brings to mind a vivid incident which took place in UNK at UNK in Switzerland. UNK is as old as literary art and we can set the stage for our study of three UNK if we see how certain critics in the past have dealt with the ethical aspects of literature. I have chosen five contrasting pairs, ten men in all, and they are arranged in roughly chronological order. Such a list must naturally be UNK and the treatment of each man is brief, for I am interested only in their general ideas on the moral measure of literature. UNK the list will give us considerable variety in attitudes and some typical ones, for these critics range all the way from UNK to those who consider art above ethics, all the way from Plato to UNK And most of the great periods are represented, because we will compare Plato and Aristotle from the golden age of Greece; Stephen UNK and Sir Philip Sidney from renaissance England; Dr& Johnson and William UNK of the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries in England; and James Russell Lowell and UNK Allan UNK of nineteenth century American letters. UNK AND UNK Plato and Aristotle agree on some vital literary issues. They both measure literature by moral standards, and in their political writings both allow for UNK but the differences between them are also significant. While Aristotle UNK literature only for the young, Plato would banish all poets from his ideal state. Even more important, in his <Poetics,> Aristotle differs somewhat from Plato when he moves in the direction of treating literature as a unique thing, separate and apart from its causes and its effects. All through <The UNK Plato attends to the way art relates to the general life and ultimately to a good life for his citizens. In short, he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects. When he discusses the subject matter of poetry, he asks what moral effect the scenes will have. When he turns briefly to literary style, in the Third Book, he again looks to the effect on the audience. He explains that his citizens must not be UNK by any of the UNK of the gods or heroes that one finds in much poetry, and he observes that all "these UNK UNK will be sent to another state. Only those story UNK will remain who can UNK the style of the UNK Plato is, at times, just as suspicious of the poets themselves as he is of their work. When he discusses UNK in the Eighth Book of <The UNK he pictures the poets as willing to praise the worst UNK But the most fundamental objection he has to poets appears in the UNK Book, and it is derived from his doctrine of ideal forms. In Plato's mind there is an UNK conflict between the poet and the UNK because the poet UNK only particular objects and is incapable of rising to the first level of abstraction, much less the highest level of ideal forms. True reality, of course, is the ideal, and the poet knows nothing of this; only the philosopher knows the truth. UNK moreover, dwell on human passions. And with this point about the passions, we encounter Plato's UNK The same sort of thinking plays so large a part in both UNK and More, that we must examine it in some detail. Plato feels that man has two competing aspects, his rational faculty and his UNK We can be UNK only if we control our lower UNK the passions in this case, and strengthen our rational side; and poetry, with all its emphasis on the passions, encourages the audience to give way to emotion. For this reason, then, poetry tends to weaken the power of control, the reason, because it UNK one to indulge his passions, and even the best of men, he UNK may be UNK by this subtle influence. Plato's attitude toward poetry has always been something of an UNK because he is so completely sensitive to its charm. His whole UNK indeed, seems to rise out of a deep conviction that the poets <do> have great power to influence, but Plato seldom pays any attention to what might be called the poem itself. He is, rather, concerned with the effect on society and he wants the poets to join his fight for justice. He wants them to use their great power to strengthen man's rational side, to teach virtue, and to encourage religion. While Plato finally allows a few acceptable hymns to the gods and famous men, still he clearly leaves the way open for further discussion of the issue. He even calls upon the poets to defend the UNK and to show that poetry may contribute to UNK He says: " We may further grant to those of her UNK defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets, the permission to speak in prose on her UNK let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to States and to human life, and we will listen in a kindly UNK for if this can be proved we shall surely be the UNK I mean, if there is a use in poetry as well as a UNK When we turn to Aristotle's ideas on the moral measure of literature, it is at once apparent that he is at times equally concerned about the influence of the art. In the ideal state, for instance, he argues that the young citizens should hear only the most carefully selected tales and stories. For this reason, he would banish indecent pictures and speeches from the UNK and the young people should not even be permitted to see UNK till they are old enough to drink strong wine and sit at the public tables. By the time they reach that age, however, Aristotle no longer worries about the evil influence of UNK In Aristotle's analysis of tragedy in the <Poetics,> we find an attempt to isolate the art, to consider only those things proper to it, to discover how it differs from other arts, and to deal with the effects peculiar to it. He assures us, early in the <Poetics,> that all art is "imitation" and that all imitation gives pleasure, but he distinguishes between art in general and poetic art on the basis of the means, manner, and the objects of the UNK Once the poetic arts are separated from the other forms, he lays down his famous definition of tragedy, which sets up standards and so lends direction to the remainder of the work. A tragedy, by his definition, is an imitation of an action that is UNK of a certain magnitude, and complete in itself. It should have a dramatic form with pleasing language, and it should portray incidents which so arouse pity and fear that it UNK these emotions in the audience. Any tragedy, he UNK has six UNK plot, character, and thought (the objects of UNK diction and melody (the means of UNK and spectacle (the manner of UNK Throughout the rest of the <Poetics,> Aristotle continues to discuss the characteristics of these six parts and their UNK and he refers frequently to the standards suggested by his definition of tragedy. Aristotle's method in the <Poetics,> then, does suggest that we should isolate the work. The Chicago UNK of modern critics follow Aristotle so far in this direction that it is hard to see how they can compare one poem with another for the purpose of evaluation. But there are, however, several features of Aristotle's approach which open the way for the moral measure of literature. For one thing, Aristotle mentions that plays may corrupt the audience. In addition, his definition of a tragedy invites our attention, because a serious and important action may very well be one that tests the moral fiber of the author or of the characters. And there is one other point in the UNK that invites moral UNK Aristotle's notion that the distinctive function of tragedy is to UNK one's emotions by arousing pity and fear. He rejects certain plots because they do not contribute to that end. The point is that an ethical critic, with an assist from Freud, can seize on this theory to argue that tragedy provides us with a harmless outlet for our hostile UNK In his study UNK UNK Joseph Wood UNK takes this line when he says that what Aristotle really means by his theory of UNK is that our evil passions may be so UNK by the dramatic ritual that it is "less likely that we shall indulge them through our own UNK In Krutch's view, this is one way to show how literature may be moral in effect without employing the explicit methods of a UNK And we can add that Krutch's interpretation of UNK is also one answer to Plato's fear that poetry will encourage our passions. If UNK is correct, tragedy may have quite the opposite effect. It may UNK our passions and so restore the rule of reason. Or in more UNK terms, the experience may serve to UNK our destructive urges and strengthen the ego and UNK UNK AND UNK The second half of the sixteenth century in England was the setting for a violent and long controversy over the moral quality of renaissance literature, especially the drama. No one suggested that the ethical effects of the art were irrelevant. Both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test, but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence. Both sides claimed that Plato and Aristotle supported their cause. Those who wanted to close the theaters, for example, pointed to Plato's <Republic> and those who wished to keep them open called on the Plato of the UNK to testify in their UNK The most famous document that comes out of this dispute is perhaps Sir Philip UNK UNK UNK for UNK published in UNK Many students of literature know that classical defense. What is not so well known, however, and what is quite important for understanding the issues of this early quarrel, is the kind of attack on literature that Sidney was UNK For this reason, then I want to UNK first, two examples of the UNK UNK Stephen UNK <The School of UNK UNK and his later UNK UNK published in UNK Second, we will see how Sidney answered the charges, for while UNK essay was not specifically a reply to UNK his arguments do support the new theater. According to William UNK study, UNK UNK the theater business in London had become a thriving enterprise by UNK and, in the opinion of many, a thoroughly bad business. UNK by what they considered an evil influence, some members of the clergy, joined by city authorities, UNK and master UNK began the attack on the plays and the actors for what they called "the abuses of the UNK but by UNK some of them began to denounce the whole idea of UNK Although this kind of wholesale objection came at first from some men who were not technically UNK still, once the UNK gained power, they UNK the affair by passing the infamous ordinance of UNK which UNK that all "public UNK shall cease and be UNK With that act of Parliament the opponents of the stage won the day, and for more than two decades after that England had no legitimate public drama. In the early days of this controversy over the theater one of the interested parties, Stephen UNK published a little tract in which he objected mildly to the abuses of art, rather than the art itself. But his opposition hardened and by UNK in <The School of UNK he was ready to banish all UNK He UNK women to UNK "of those places which in UNK UNK you and UNK you in UNK He does not really approve of UNK and UNK but sex is the deadly sin. He warns that a single glance can lead us into UNK for UNK UNK have UNK UNK and UNK UNK may UNK in UNK But it would not be very satisfactory to leave our conclusions at the point just reached. UNK it is possible to be somewhat more concrete and factual in UNK the involvement of values in education. For this purpose we now draw upon data from sociological and psychological studies of students in American colleges and universities, and particularly from the Cornell UNK UNK In the latter research program, information is available for UNK Cornell students surveyed in 1950 and for UNK students surveyed in 1952. Of the latter sample, UNK persons had been studied two years UNK hence UNK in attitudes and values can be analyzed for identical individuals at two points in time. In addition, the 1952 study collected comparable data from UNK students at ten other colleges and universities scattered across the UNK Dartmouth, Harvard, UNK UNK North Carolina, UNK Texas, University of California at Los Angeles, UNK and UNK We find, in the first place, that <the students overwhelmingly approve of higher UNK positively evaluate the job their own institution is doing, do not accept most of the criticisms UNK against higher education in the public prints, and, on the whole, approve of the way their university deals with UNK and value UNK It is not our impression that these evaluations are UNK uncritical resultants of UNK UNK rather, the generality of these students find their university experience congenial to their own sense of values. UNK are approximately equally divided between those who regard vocational preparation as the primary goal of an ideal education and those who chose a general liberal UNK Other conceivable UNK such as UNK and social adjustment, are of secondary importance to them. <The ideal of a liberal education UNK itself upon the students more and more as they move through UNK Even in such technical UNK as UNK the senior is much more likely than the freshman to UNK as an ideal, liberal education over specific vocational preparation. In the university UNK of scholarship and research, of social UNK of new ideas and varied and UNK interests, UNK into a campus culture apparently means heightened appreciation of the idea of a liberal education in the arts and sciences. UNK UNK of ideal educational goals <are not arbitrary or UNK There is a clear relationship between their educational evaluations and their basic pattern of general values. The selective and directional qualities of basic UNK are clearly evident in these UNK the UNK students choose vocational preparation, the UNK choose goals of social adjustment UNK along with UNK the UNK choose a liberal arts UNK The same patterned consistency shows itself in occupational choices. There is UNK consistency between specific occupational preferences and the student's basic conception of what is for him a good way of UNK And, contrary to many popular UNK the UNK chosen do not seem to us to be primarily oriented to UNK success nor to mere UNK Our students want UNK that permit them to use their talents and training, to be creative and original, to work with and to help other people. They also want money, prestige, and security. But they are UNK about their UNK in these UNK they set UNK to their UNK few aspire to millions of dollars or to UNK power and glory. Within the fixed frame of these aspirations, they can afford to place a high value on the expressive and UNK aspects of occupation and to minimize the UNK values of power, prestige, and wealth. UNK choices are also UNK and UNK in bringing out clearly that values do not constitute the only component in goals and UNK For there is also the UNK of UNK in the form of the individual's perceptions of his own abilities and interests, of the objective possibilities open to him, of the UNK and other social pressures to which he is UNK We find UNK UNK whose values are not in line with their expected UNK characteristics. Students develop occupational UNK not always accurate or UNK and they try to fit their values to the presumed characteristics of the imagined occupation. The purely UNK or UNK problems are often UNK Furthermore, many reluctant recruits are yielding to social UNK or compromising in the face of their own limitations of opportunity, or of ability and performance. Thus, many a UNK UNK for a career in architecture, drama, or UNK UNK himself to a real estate business; many a UNK student who dreams of the UNK decides to enter his father's advertising UNK and many a hopeful incipient business executive decides it were better to teach the theory of business administration than to practice it. The old ideal of the independent entrepreneur is UNK but so is the recognition that the main chance may be in a corporate UNK In their views on UNK UNK sex, and family life, our students prefer what they are expected to UNK For them, in the grim words of a UNK song, love and marriage go together like a horse and UNK Their expressed standards concerning sex roles, desirable age for marriage, characteristics of an ideal mate, number of children desired are congruent with the values and UNK of the preceding UNK minus compulsive UNK They even accept the UNK UNK of sex morality in a double sense, i&e&, both sexes agree that standards for men differ from standards for women, and women apply to both sexes a standard different from that held by men. UNK and UNK seem implied by what has just been said. But these terms are UNK <In the field of political values, it is certainly true that students are not UNK not rebels against their parents or their UNK And as they go through college, the students tend to bring their political position in line with that prevalent in the social groups to which they UNK Yet they have accepted most of the extant "welfare state" provisions for health, security, and the regulation of economic affairs, and they overwhelmingly approve of the traditional UNK of the Bill of Rights. When their faith in civil liberties is tested against strong pressures of social UNK in specific issues, e&g&, suppression of UNK UNK many waver and give in. The students who are most willing to acquiesce in the suppression of civil liberties are also those who are most likely to be prejudiced against minority groups, to be UNK and UNK in general social attitudes, and to lack a basic faith in people. As one looks at the existing evidence, one finds a UNK although only a slight one, between high grades and UNK values. But the correlation is substantial only among UNK In other words, as students go through college, those who are most successful academically tend to become more committed to a "Bill of UNK orientation. College in UNK just the general experience- may have varying effects, but the <the students who are successful emerge with strengthened and clarified democratic UNK This finding is consistent also with the fact that student leaders are more likely to be supporters of the values implicit in civil liberties than the other students. There is now substantial evidence from several major studies of college students that <the experience of the college years results in a certain, selective UNK of attitudes and UNK UNK from their prior UNK and social groups and exposed to the pervasive UNK of the university UNK the students tend to UNK a new common UNK to UNK toward norms characteristic of their own particular campus. Furthermore, in certain respects, there are norms common to colleges and universities across the country. For instance, UNK people consistently show up in study after study as more often than others supporters of the Bill of UNK and other democratic rights and UNK The interesting thing in this connection is that the norms upon which students tend to UNK include UNK of UNK To the extent that our sampling of the UNK of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our UNK and still valid in UNK UNK are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent, UNK UNK or as a mass of UNK UNK who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner UNK Our data indicate that these students of today do basically accept the existing institutions of the society, and, in the face of the realities of complex and large-scale economic and political problems, make a wary and ambivalent delegation of trust to those who occupy positions of UNK responsibility for coping with such collective concerns. <In a real sense they are admittedly UNK but their conservatism incorporates a UNK embodiment of the original UNK of UNK Although we have no measures of its strength or intensity, the heritage of the doctrine of UNK rights is UNK As they move through the college years our young men and women are UNK into a broadly similar culture, at the level of personal behavior. In this sense also, they are surely UNK It is even true that some among them use the sheer fact of UNK UNK does UNK as a criterion for UNK But the extent of ethical UNK is easily UNK Few students are really so UNK in the UNK crowd of the swelling population in our institutions of higher learning. And it may be well to recall that to say UNK is, in part, another way of saying UNK human UNK In the field of religious beliefs and values, the college students seem to faithfully reflect the surrounding culture. Their commitments are, for the most part, UNK in a familiar idiom. UNK testify to a felt need for a religious faith or ultimate personal philosophy. UNK UNK or UNK are so rare as to be a UNK The religious quest is often intense and deep, and there are students on every campus who are seriously UNK with the most profound questions of meaning and value. At the same time, a major proportion of these young men and women see religion as a means of personal adjustment, an anchor for family life, a source of emotional security. These personal and social goals often UNK the goals of intellectual clarity, and spiritual UNK The UNK of UNK does exist. It exists alongside the acceptance of traditional forms of organized religion UNK ordained personnel, ritual, UNK Still another segment of the student population consists of those who UNK in what they regard as religion, intellectual clarity, rational belief, and ethical guidance and UNK Our first impression of the data was that the students were surprisingly orthodox and religiously involved. Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical UNK against which we might compare the present situation, and that conclusions that present-day students are UNK or UNK religious could not be defended on the basis of our data. As we looked more UNK at the content of our belief and the extent of religious UNK we received the impression that many of the religious convictions expressed represented a conventional UNK of low intensity. But, here again, comparative UNK are UNK and we do not know, in any case, what measure of UNK and intensity to expect from healthy, young, secure and relatively inexperienced UNK after all, feelings of immortality and UNK are standard illusions of youth. Nor are optimistic and UNK themes at all rare in the distinctive religious history of this country. UNK recently has summarized evidence regarding changes in values during a period of years, primarily UNK but extending much farther back in some instances. A variety of data are assembled to bear upon such alleged changes as diminished UNK morality, UNK UNK UNK achievement, lessened emphasis on UNK orientation in favor of UNK moral UNK consideration and UNK conformity, UNK UNK orientation. Although he questions the extent and nature of the alleged revival of religion and the alleged increase in conformity, and thinks that UNK UNK orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it, he does conclude that Americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt, do not stress achievement so much as UNK are more accepting of group harmony as a goal, more tolerant of diversity and aware of other UNK From New Jersey, Morgan hastened to the headquarters of Washington at UNK Pennsylvania, arriving there on November UNK There was much sickness in the corps, and the men were, in addition, without the clothing, shoes, and blankets needed for the winter weather. Morgan himself had UNK again. Even on his tough UNK the exposure and strenuous activity were beginning to tell in UNK On the morning of November UNK UNK and 2,000 men had left Philadelphia with the object of UNK Fort Mercer at Red Bank, New UNK In order to prevent this, Washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the UNK including a force under the Marquis de Lafayette containing some 160 of Morgan's riflemen, all who were fit for duty at this time, the rest having no shoes. Although the fort was evacuated in the face of the force of UNK Morgan and his men did have a chance to take another swing at the UNK A picket guard of about UNK mostly UNK were attacked by the Americans under UNK and driven back to their camp, some twenty to thirty of them falling before the UNK fire. "I never saw men", Lafayette declared in regard to the riflemen, "so UNK so UNK and so UNK to go on to the enemy, whatever force they might have, as that small party in this UNK UNK Greene told Washington that UNK was UNK with the spirited behavior of the militia and UNK A few days later it was learned that General Howe was planning an attack upon the American camp. The British general moved his forces north from Philadelphia to UNK Hill, near the right wing of the patriot UNK Here the Pennsylvania militia UNK with the British, but soon fled. Morgan was ordered to attack the enemy, who had meantime moved to UNK Hill on the left of the Americans. Similar orders were given to the Maryland UNK Morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait. A body of redcoats were seen marching down a nearby UNK a UNK target for the riflemen, who threw a UNK into their ranks and UNK up" the smart formation UNK Now the UNK and the UNK followed up their beginning and closed in on the British, giving them another telling round of fire. The redcoats ran like UNK But the Maryland militia had likewise fled, all too typical of this type of soldier during the Revolution, an experience which gave Morgan little confidence in militia in general, as he watched other instances of their breaking in hot UNK The British, although suffering considerable UNK noted the UNK of the UNK made a stand, then turned and attacked Morgan who became greatly UNK and had to UNK The Americans lost forty-four men, among them Major Joseph Morris of Morgan's regiment, an officer who was regarded with high esteem and UNK not only by his commander, but by Washington and Lafayette as well. The latter was so upset on learning of the death of Morris, that he wrote Morgan a letter, showing his own UNK UNK After UNK Morgan and the UNK and saying he was UNK them to Congress, too, the ardent Frenchman added he felt that Congress should make some financial UNK to the widow and family of Morris, but that he knew Morgan realized how long such action usually required, if it was done at all. "As Mrs& Morris may be in some want before that time", Lafayette continued, "I am going to trouble you with a commission which I beg you will execute with the greatest UNK If she wanted to borrow any sum of money in expecting the arrangements of Congress, it would not become a UNK unknown to her, to offer himself for that purpose. But you could (as from UNK tell her that you had friends who, being with the army, don't know what to do with their money and **h would willingly let her have one or many thousand UNK This was accordingly done, and the plight of the grateful Mrs& Morris was much relieved as a result of the generous loan, the amount of which is not known. Apparently still sensitive about the idea with which General UNK had approached him at UNK namely, that George Washington be UNK Morgan was UNK in his support of the UNK during the campaign around Philadelphia. Richard UNK Secretary of the Board of War, thought Morgan was so extreme on the subject that he accused him of trying to pick a quarrel. Morgan UNK denied this and informed the Board of War that the men in camp linked the name of UNK with the plot against Washington. UNK insisted that this impression was a great UNK and UNK from the quarrel, obtained an UNK impression of Morgan's judgment. Such a situation regarding the Board of War could hardly have helped Morgan's chances for promotion when that matter came before the group later on. In late December, the American army moved from UNK to Valley UNK and although the distance was only 13 miles, the journey took more than a week because of the bad weather, the UNK and almost naked men. The position of the new camp was admirably selected and well UNK its easily defensible nature being one good reason why Howe did not attack it. Besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west, Valley Forge also obstructed the trade between UNK forces and the farmers, thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their UNK to obtain necessary supplies extremely UNK In order to see that this UNK situation remained effective, Washington detached several bodies of his troops to the periphery of the Philadelphia area. Morgan and his corps were placed on the west side of the Schuylkill River, with instructions to UNK all supplies found going to the city and to keep a close eye on the movements of the enemy. The headquarters of Morgan was on a UNK said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the British, a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually UNK Continental UNK In his dealings with UNK however, Morgan was typically firm but UNK For example, he captured some persons from York County, who with teams were taking to Philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been released from prison through the efforts of his wife, and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods. Morgan took charge of the furniture and restored it to its UNK owners, but he let the UNK who had stolen it go free. Morgan complained to Washington about the men detailed to him for scouting UNK most of them he said being UNK "They UNK at such a UNK he told the UNK "that if the enemy were UNK they might get two from us, when we would take one of them, which makes me wish General Howe would go on, lest any incident happen to us". If the hardships of the winter at Valley Forge were trying for healthy men, they were, of course, much more so for those not in good health. Daniel Morgan's UNK condition UNK with the increase of the cold and damp weather. He had UNK the elements and the enemy, but the strain, aided by the winter, was catching up with him at last. Also, he was now UNK years old. The mild activity of his command during the sojourn of the troops at Valley Forge could be handled by a UNK he felt, so like Henry Knox, equally loyal to Washington, who went to Boston at this time, Morgan received permission to visit his home in Virginia for several weeks. In his UNK the rifle regiment was under the command of Major Thomas UNK another able UNK But Morgan did not leave before he had written a letter to a William UNK in Salem, Massachusetts, apparently an UNK UNK Washington and saying that the UNK UNK about him were UNK by the general current of the people **h to UNK General UNK at the expense of General Washington was UNK to the latter. If there be a disinterested patriot in America, UNK General Washington, and his UNK none can UNK It is doubtful if Morgan was able to take home much money to his wife and children, for his pay, as shown by the War Department UNK of early UNK was $75 a month as a UNK and that apt to be UNK He was shown a warm welcome regardless, and spent the time in Winchester UNK from his UNK enjoying his family and arranging his private affairs which were, of course, run down. His neighbors celebrated his return, even if it was only UNK and Morgan was especially gratified by the quaint expression of an elderly friend, Isaac Lane, who told him, "A man that has so often left all that is dear to him, as thou UNK to serve thy country, must create a sympathetic feeling in every patriotic heart". There must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of Daniel Morgan too, when the news was received on April 30th of the recognition by France of the independence of the United States. His fellow UNK George Washington, had stated, "I believe no event was ever received with more UNK UNK The dreary camp at Valley Forge was turned into an arena of UNK Even the dignified Washington indulged in a game of UNK with some children. His soldiers on the whole did not UNK so UNK On May UNK Morgan, who had UNK received from Washington orders to UNK out UNK under UNK UNK to keep near the enemy. "The reason for UNK the orders said, "is that the enemy may think to take advantage of the celebration of this day. The troops must have more than the common quantity of liquor, and perhaps there will be some little UNK among them". Apparently no serious disorders resulted from the UNK and within a few days, Morgan joined the force of Lafayette who now had command of some 2,000 men at UNK Hill, not far above Philadelphia on the UNK The Frenchman had been ordered to approach the enemy's lines, UNK them and get intelligence of their movements. Interestingly enough, the order transmitted to Morgan through Alexander Hamilton also informed him that "A party of Indians will join the party to be sent from your command at UNK and act with them". These were UNK Indians. Washington evidently was anxious for Morgan to be cautious as well as UNK for on May UNK 18th and 20th he UNK the leader of the UNK to be on the UNK Obviously the UNK had confidence that Morgan would furnish him good intelligence too, for on the UNK of May, he told Morgan that the British were prepared to move, perhaps in the night, and asked Morgan to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to General Smallwood with the intelligence obtained. UNK however, this same General Smallwood seemed to be serving UNK as well as the American army. Colonel Benjamin Ford wrote to Morgan from Wilmington that he understood a Mrs& UNK from Maryland had obtained permission from Smallwood to visit Philadelphia, and would return on May UNK escorted by several officers from Maryland UNK to the new UNK in the British UNK Ford urged Morgan to capture these men, who, he thought, might be disguised as UNK or UNK Morgan took the suggested steps, but when Mrs& UNK appeared, there was nobody with her but her husband, whom he promptly sent to headquarters to be UNK But Morgan evidently reported matters of intelligence much more important to his commanding general. A letter of a few days later from Washington's aide to Morgan stated, "His UNK is highly pleased with your conduct upon this UNK For by now the original cause of the quarrel, UNK seizure of UNK was only one strand in the UNK UNK of French interests that UNK all western Europe and that had been so well and closely spun that the UNK movement could set it trembling from one end to the other. Even so, Edward's ambassadors can scarcely have foreseen that five years of UNK work lay ahead of them before peace was finally made and that when it did come the countless embassies that left England for Rome during that period had very little to do with it. It is hard not to lay most of the blame for their failures on the UNK UNK is hardly an impartial witness, and even he did not make his charges against Boniface until the latter was dead, but there is some truth in what he said and more in what he did not say. It was not merely a hunger for UNK gold and precious UNK that delayed the papal UNK that could have brought the war to an end; the UNK was playing a dangerous game, with so many balls in the air at once that a UNK would bring them all about his ears, and his only hope was to UNK so that he could take advantage of every change in the delicate balance of European affairs. When the negotiations began, his quarrel with the king of France was temporarily in UNK and he had no intention of UNK it so long as there was hope that French money would come to pay the troops who, under Charles of UNK the papal vicar of UNK were so valuable in the UNK against the UNK UNK and their UNK allies. If his UNK in regard to UNK sensibilities went so far that he even refused to grant a dispensation for the marriage of UNK daughter, UNK to the son of the UNK of UNK a truly UNK move according to UNK ideas, for Savoy and UNK were as usual fighting on opposite UNK for fear that he might seem to be favoring the UNK UNK he would certainly never take the far more drastic step of ordering the return of UNK to UNK even though, as he admitted to the English UNK he had been advised that the original UNK was invalid. On the other hand, he did not want to offend Edward either, and he found himself in a very difficult position. On the surface, the whole question was purely UNK The French were now occupying UNK and UNK on the technical grounds that their rulers had UNK them by a breach of the feudal contract. But Edward was invading Scotland for precisely the same reason, and his UNK UNK was the ally of the king of France. Boniface had to uphold the UNK of the feudal contract at all costs, for it was only as UNK of UNK and of the UNK of Peter that he had any justification for his Italian wars, but in the UNK UNK it was almost impossible for him to recognize the claims of any one of the contestants without seeming to UNK those of the other two. Because of these UNK in the matter at UNK Boniface lacked the UNK that is supposed to be an essential qualification for the position of UNK and in UNK that would seem to be sufficient reason why the English embassies to the UNK proved so UNK But when the situation was so complicated that even UNK one of the principal actors in the drama, could UNK the UNK UNK it is possible that Othon and his UNK equally UNK attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause. This was UNK monumental UNK UNK by its very UNK implies that its UNK keeps in touch with other people, but the author of UNK UNK and UNK UNK the UNK of the two UNK the papal sun of which the imperial moon was but a dim UNK the peer of Caesar and UNK of Christ, was so high above other human beings that he had forgotten what they were like. He was a learned and brilliant man, one of the best UNK in Europe and with flashes of penetrating insight, and yet in his dealings with other people, particularly when he tried to be UNK he was capable of an UNK stupidity that can have come only from a complete UNK of human nature and human UNK This lofty disregard for others was not shared by such men as Pierre UNK and his associates, that UNK group of mediocre men", as UNK calls them, who provided the brains for the French embassy that came to Rome under the nominal leadership of the UNK of UNK the UNK of UNK and the count of UNK They had risen from humble beginnings by their own UNK and UNK they were unfettered by the codes that bound UNK like Othon or even the older generation of UNK like UNK and they were working for an end that their opponents had never even UNK Boniface was later to explain to the English that Robert of Burgundy and Guy de UNK were easy enough to do business UNK it was the UNK who caused the mischief and who made him say that the ruling passion of their race was UNK and that in dealing with them he never knew whether he had to do with a Frenchman or with a UNK To the UNK head of the universal Church, to the UNK of UNK taking full advantage of his position on the borders of France and of the Empire, or to Othon, who found it quite natural that he should do UNK to Edward for UNK and to the count of Savoy for UNK UNK outspoken nationalism was completely UNK And yet he made no pretense about it; when the UNK trying no doubt to appeal to his better nature, said to him, "You have already taken UNK Do you want to drive the king of England from all his overseas UNK the UNK answer was a UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK with a UNK ambition to which he devoted all his UNK he UNK the English diplomats time and time again until, by a kind of poetic justice, he fell at the battle of UNK the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate UNK The English, relying on a prejudiced UNK and confronted with superior diplomatic skill, were also hampered in their negotiations by the events that were taking place at home. The Scots had found a new leader in William UNK and Edward's yearly UNK across the Border called for UNK taxes, which only increased his difficulties with the UNK and the clergy. He was unable to send any more help to his allies on the UNK and during the next few years many of them, left to resist French pressure UNK surrendered to the inevitable and made their peace with UNK The defeat and death of Adolf of Nassau at the hands of Albert of UNK also worked to the disadvantage of the English, for all the efforts to revive the UNK coalition came to nothing when Philip made an alliance with the new king of the UNK These shifts in alliance and allegiance not only increased the difficulties confronting the English embassy as a whole, but also directly involved the two UNK Amadee and UNK In spite of the UNK negotiated by Amadee two years earlier, the war between Bishop UNK of UNK and Louis of Savoy was still going on, and although little is known about it, that little proves that it was yet another phase of the struggle against French expansion and was closely interwoven with the larger conflict. A second truce had been UNK in April, UNK by Jean UNK lord of UNK the most UNK of Edward's UNK allies, and these last were represented in the discussions at the UNK by UNK de UNK UNK neighbor and a member of the UNK UNK But although in many of these discussions Othon and Amadee might have been tempted to consider their own interests as well as those of the UNK Edward's confidence in them was so absolute that they were made the acknowledged leaders of the UNK Amadee may have owed this partly to his relationship with the UNK but Othon, who at sixty seems still to have been a simple UNK UNK his position solely by his own character and ability. The younger men, UNK and UNK who was also Edward's cousin and whose UNK blood gave him the UNK complexion that caused Edward of UNK UNK friend, UNK UNK to nickname him UNK the UNK were relatively new to the game of diplomacy, but UNK had been on missions to Rome before, and UNK a man of great learning, UNK in speech, agreeable to UNK of honest religion, and pleasing in the eyes of UNK and an UNK to UNK was as reliable and experienced as Othon himself. But all the reports of this first embassy show that the two UNK were the heads of it, for they were the only ones who were UNK to swear for the king that he would abide by the UNK decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was unavoidably absent. This also gave them the unpleasant duty of being spokesmen for the mission, and they could UNK that that would not be easy. UNK all the UNK phrases of royal and papal letters and behind the more down-to-earth instructions to the UNK was the inescapable fact that Edward would have to desert his Flemish allies and leave them to the vengeance of their indignant UNK the king of France, in return for being given an equally free hand with the UNK UNK This was a doubly bitter blow to the king. In the eyes of those who still cared for such things, it was a reflection on his honor, and it gave further grounds for complaint to his UNK subjects, who were already UNK although probably not in UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK sit UNK UNK UNK relations between England and UNK brought hard times to the UNK scattered over the UNK and UNK as well as to the crowded Flemish cities, and while the English, so far, had done no more than UNK Othon had seen what the discontent might lead to, for before he left the Low UNK the citizens of UNK had risen in protest against the expense of supporting Edward and his troops, and the regular soldiers had found it unexpectedly difficult to put down the UNK little UNK that UNK In all the talk of feudal rights, the knights and bishops must never forget the UNK nor was it easy to do so, for all along the road to Italy they passed the Florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from England and rough Flemish cloth, the former to be spun and woven by the Arte della UNK and the latter to be refined and UNK by the Arte della UNK with the pigment recently discovered in Asia Minor by one of their members, UNK UNK the secret of which they UNK kept for themselves. These UNK merchants made amusing and UNK traveling UNK for their business took them to all four corners of the globe, and Florentine gossip had already reached a high stage of development as even a cursory glance at the UNK will UNK A northern UNK willing to keep his mouth shut and his ears open, could learn a lot that would stand him in good stead at the UNK They had other topics of UNK besides their news from courts and UNK which were of interest to Othon, the builder of UNK in UNK and churches in his native country. Behind him lay the Low UNK where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later Florentine would describe as "a UNK of little UNK one on top of the other, with so many UNK and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all, for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or UNK the Low UNK where the Middle Ages were to last for another two centuries and die out only when Charles the UNK of Burgundy met his first defeat in the fields and forests below the walls of UNK It usually turned out well for him because either he liked the right people or there were only a few wrong people in the town. Alfred wanted to invest in my father's hotel and advance enough money to build a larger place. It was a very UNK UNK My father would have done it if it hadn't been for my mother, who had a fear of being in debt to UNK even Alfred UNK In spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about UNK They had my mother's opinion of him: that he was too sharp or a little too good to be true. One of the people who was afraid of Alfred was his own brother, UNK I don't know how and I don't know why but the two stores, the one in UNK and the one in Fleischmanns that had been set up as a partnership, were UNK separated from each other. Everything was all very friendly, except when it came to UNK the youngest brother. Alfred, who was a good deal older than UNK had treated him like a son, and when Harry decided to stay in business with UNK instead of going with Alfred, Alfred looked on the decision as a UNK From that day on he never spoke to Harry or to UNK or to UNK two boys, UNK and UNK The six miles between the towns became an ocean and the UNK became a family of UNK Time went on and everybody got UNK I became fifteen, sixteen, then twenty, and still Tessie UNK sat on the porch with a rose in her hair, and Alfred got richer and UNK with UNK It was in the spring of the year when he took to his bed and Tessie and Alfred found out that they didn't know each other. They were like two UNK The store was their marriage, and when Alfred had to leave it there was nothing to hold them together. UNK everybody thought, was a strong woman, but she was only strong because she had Alfred to lean on. And when Alfred was forced into his bed, Tessie left the front porch of the store and sat at home, rocking in her UNK in the living room, staring out the UNK the rose still in her hair. Tessie could do nothing for UNK She couldn't cook or clean or make him comfortable. Instead she waited for Alfred to get better and take care of her. Spring was life- and Alfred UNK in his UNK was death. Alfred knew that, too. I remember him pointing out of the window and saying that he wished he could live to see another spring but that he UNK Alfred began to put his affairs in order, and he went about it like a man putting his things into storage. My father, who liked Alfred very much, was a constant visitor. One day Alfred told him that he had decided to leave everything to me. My father, a wise man, asked him not to. He knew Alfred liked UNK if he wanted to leave me something let it be a UNK nothing else. By leaving me everything he wouldn't be doing me a favor, my father told him, and he didn't want to see his daughter involved in a UNK He didn't want Alfred to leave me trouble because that's all it would be, and Alfred understood. Alfred was getting too sick to stay in his own home. The doctor wanted him in a UNK the nearest one was forty miles away in UNK The day Alfred left his home and Fleischmanns he gave up the convictions of a UNK He sent me for Meltzer the UNK whom he wanted not as a friend but as a UNK Meltzer knew why I had come for him. UNK he walked me back to Alfred's house without a word passing between us. He entered the house in silence, walked into Alfred's room, and closed the door behind him. I sat down to wait, and I watched Tessie UNK who hadn't moved or said a word but kept staring out of the window. For a few minutes there was nothing to hear. Then UNK voice, quiet, calm, strong, started the UNK the prayer for the dead. I could hear Alfred's voice a few words behind UNK like a UNK punctuated by UNK of sorrow and UNK There was a finality in the rhythm of the UNK it was the end of a life, the end of hope, and the wondering if there would ever be another beginning. Meltzer stayed with Alfred, and when the door opened they both came out. Alfred was dressed for his trip to the hospital. The car was waiting for him. Alfred, leaning on UNK stopped for a minute to look at UNK She didn't turn away from the window. Alfred nodded a little nod and went out through the door. UNK his brother Harry was waiting for him- he had come to say UNK Alfred walked past him without a word and got into the car. Harry ran to the side of the car where Alfred was sitting and looked at him, begging him to speak. Alfred looked straight ahead. The car began to move and Harry ran after it UNK UNK UNK UNK to me". But the car moved off and Alfred just looked straight ahead. Harry followed the car until it reached the main road and turned towards UNK He stood there watching until it had gone from his sight. I went to visit Alfred in the Kingston Hospital a few times. The first time I went there he asked me to bring him water from UNK well- water that reminded him of his first days in the UNK and before I came the next time I filled a UNK jug for him and brought it to the hospital. I don't think he ever got to drink any of it. The jug stayed at the hospital and the water- what can happen to UNK it UNK disappeared, and came back to the earth as UNK maybe for another well or another stream or another Alfred UNK UNK UNK IS IT UNK Mr& Banks was always called Banks the Butcher until he left town and the shop passed over to Meltzer the Scholar who then became automatically Meltzer the UNK Meltzer was a UNK with the Banks family. He came to Fleischmanns directly from the boat that brought him to America from Russia. He was a learned man and a very gentle soul. He was filled with knowledge of the Bible and the UNK He knew the UNK and the UNK but he was weak, very weak, on the UNK Banks the Butcher took Meltzer the Scholar as an apprentice and he made it very clear that a man of learning must be able to do more than just quote the UNK of the UNK in order to live. So Meltzer learned a new trade from UNK who supplied the town and the hotels with meat. Banks had a family- a wife, a daughter, and a son. The daughter, UNK was a very good friend of mine and I always had hopes that someday she and Meltzer would find each other. They lived in the same house and it didn't seem to be such a hard thing to do, but the sad realities of Lilly's life and the fact that Meltzer didn't love her never satisfied my wishful thinking. Banks the Butcher was a hard master and a hard father, a man who didn't seem to know the difference between the living flesh of his family and the hanging UNK of his stock in trade. He treated both with equal indifference and with equal UNK perhaps he was a little more sympathetic to the sides of beef that hung silently from his UNK Lilly Banks and I became friends. She was the opposite of everything she should have UNK a positive pole in a negative home, a living reaction of warmth and kindness to the harsh reality of her father. And Lilly's whole family seemed to be an UNK for Mr& Banks. Her brother Karl was a very gentle soul, her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had hard, probing eyes. For every UNK word of Mr& UNK the family had five in UNK Every chance I got I left the hotel to visit UNK I was free but she was bound to her duties that not even the coming of Meltzer UNK She had to clean the glass on the display cases in the UNK shop, help her brother scrub the cutting tables with wire UNK UNK the floors, put down new sawdust on the floors and help check the outgoing orders. When these chores were finished, only then, was she allowed whatever freedom she could find. I helped Lilly in the store. To me it was a game, to her it was the deadly seriousness of life. I wanted to help so that we could find time to play. And Lilly allowed me to help so that she could have her few little hours of UNK When the work was finished, we would walk. The road past the UNK shop took us along the side of a stream. It ran north, away from the town and the people, through woods and past the UNK of a UNK Lilly preferred the loneliness of that walk. I would have liked the town and the UNK of its people but I always followed Lilly into the peace of the silent and UNK road. It wasn't hard to understand. To me Lilly was a fine and lovely girl. To people who didn't know her she was a UNK badly dressed kid whose arms were too long, whose legs were a little too UNK She had the UNK of a boy and a UNK walk that reminded me of a string of UNK strolling down the street. And she had the kind of crossed eyes that shocked. It was UNK unexpected because Lilly walked with her head bent down, down, and her mark of friendship was to look into your face. I accepted her crossed eyes as she accepted my UNK UNK compared to her grown-up understanding that life was a punishment for as yet UNK sins. We were almost the same age, she was fifteen, I was UNK and where I felt there was a life to look forward to Lilly felt she had had as much of it as was necessary. When we went for our walks Lilly's brother would come along every once in a while. Karl was an almost exact copy of his father physically and it was strange to see the expected become the UNK This huge UNK played the guitar and he would take it along on our walks and play for us as we sat alone in the woods or by the stream. Karl played well and his favorite song was a UNK UNK He spoke no German but he could sing it and the words of the song were the only ones he knew in a foreign language. The song, he said, was called "The UNK UNK and when he sang, UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK die UNK UNK there was such longing and such simple sadness that it frightened me. Later, when I was older, I found the song was part of Schubert's <Die UNK UNK And even hearing it in a concert hall surrounded by hundreds of people the words and the melody would make me a little colder and I would reach out for my husband's hand. The brother and sister seemed to be a sort of UNK society, a little fortress of kindness for each other in a hard world. I felt very flattered to be included in the protection of their company even though I had nothing to be protected from. The turn of the century, or to be more precise, the two decades UNK and following it, marks a great change in the history of early English scholarship. At the bottom of this change were great strides forward in the technical equipment and technical standards of the historian. In archaeology, for example, the contributions of Frederick UNK and UNK Smith to the various volumes of the UNK County UNK raised the discipline from the status of an UNK pastime to that of the most valuable single tool of the early English historian. And with the publication of E& T& UNK UNK of the Anglo-Saxon UNK the student was presented with an organized synthesis of the archaeological data then known. What was true for archaeology was also true of place-name studies. The value of UNK in the reconstruction of early English history had long been recognized. UNK in fact, had been extensively utilized for this purpose from the time of UNK UNK Without a precise knowledge of Germanic UNK however, it is UNK whether their use was not more often a source of confusion and error than anything else. Even in the nineteenth century such accomplished UNK as Kemble and Guest were led into what now seem UNK errors because of their failure to recognize that modern forms of place names are not necessarily the result of logical UNK development. It was therefore not until the publication of UNK UNK "The UNK of the South and East UNK and UNK UNK UNK Guest and the English UNK of South UNK that a scientific basis for place-name studies was established. UNK is another area for which the dawn of the twentieth century marks the beginning of modern standards of scholarship. Although because of the important achievements of nineteenth century scholars in the field of UNK criticism the advance is not so striking as it was in the case of archaeology and UNK the editorial principles laid down by Stevenson in his great edition of UNK and in his UNK UNK were a distinct improvement upon those of his predecessors and remain UNK upon today. In UNK it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century. And it is this, particularly the establishment of archaeology and place-name studies on a scientific basis, which are immediately pertinent to the Saxon UNK Almost UNK the first result of this technological revolution was a reaction against the methods and in many cases the conclusions of the Oxford school of UNK Freeman and UNK Green regarding the nature of the Anglo-Saxon conquest of Britain. Even before the century was out the tide of reaction had set in. Charles UNK in the introduction and notes to his splendid edition of UNK voiced some early doubts concerning the UNK UNK they raised up over the slim foundations afforded by the traditional narratives of the UNK It was UNK in fact, who coined the much quoted UNK "Mr& Green indeed writes as if he had been present at the landing of the Saxons and had watched every step of their subsequent UNK Sir Henry UNK writing in UNK put himself firmly in the UNK tradition by attacking the UNK of the West Saxon UNK Early in the present century, W& H& Stevenson continued the attack with a savage article against UNK Following him in varying degrees of scepticism were UNK Shore, UNK UNK Thomas UNK and F& G& UNK By 1913, UNK UNK could begin an article UNK UNK UNK de la UNK par UNK UNK with the words, UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK des illusions sur la UNK du UNK UNK de la UNK de la UNK **h". It is also worthy of note that UNK cited both Kemble and Lappenberg with favor in that UNK It would seem that the wheel had turned full circle. In fact, modern scholarly opinion in the main has not UNK all the way back to the destructive scepticism of the first half of the nineteenth century. Although one meets with occasional extremists like UNK or, very recently, Arthur UNK the majority of scholars have taken a middle position between the extremes of scepticism and UNK Most now admit that UNK UNK UNK and the Anglo-Saxon UNK cannot be the UNK guides to early English history that UNK Freeman and Green thought them to be. As UNK UNK has remarked: "The critical methods of the nineteenth century shattered most of this picturesque narrative. On the other hand, the consensus of opinion is that, used with caution and in conjunction with other types of evidence, the native sources still provide a valid rough outline for the English settlement of southern Britain. As Sir Charles UNK once said, "it is no longer fashionable to declare that we can say nothing certain about Old English UNK Therefore, in one way Kemble and Lappenberg have been UNK Their conclusions concerning the UNK of the West Saxon UNK the confused chronology of UNK the UNK of the early positions of the Anglo-Saxon UNK and the mythological elements contained in UNK are now mostly UNK Nevertheless, in another way modern historians still labor in the UNK of the Oxford school. For it is their catastrophic concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions rather than UNK UNK approach which dominates the field. Despite the rejection of the traditional accounts on many points of detail, as late as 1948 it was still possible to postulate a massive and comparatively sudden UNK in UNK UNK UNK of Germans as the type of invasions. At this point, of course, the issue has become complicated by a development UNK by Lappenberg and UNK They, however much they were in disagreement with the late UNK over the method by which Britain was UNK agreed with them that the end result was the complete UNK of the previous Celtic population and civilization. But beginning, for all practical purposes, with Frederick UNK UNK Village UNK scholars have had to UNK with a theory involving institutional and agrarian continuity between Roman and Anglo-Saxon times which is completely at odds with the UNK concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions. Against Seebohm formidable foes have taken the field, notably F& W& UNK UNK UNK Book and UNK was written expressly for this purpose, and Sir Paul UNK whose <The Growth of the UNK had a similar aim. UNK due to their efforts the catastrophic UNK has maintained its position although Seebohm has always found UNK UNK Gray in his UNK Field UNK and UNK UNK UNK and UNK defended in part the Seebohm thesis while at the present time UNK UNK and Gordon UNK seem to fall into the Celtic UNK camp. This is nevertheless a minority view. Most scholars, while willing to accept a survival UNK of Celtic art forms and a considerable proportion of the Celtic population, reject any institutional legacy from UNK Britain. Therefore, it is plain that the clear distinctions of the nineteenth century are no longer with us. In the main stream of historical thinking is a group of scholars, UNK UNK UNK UNK Sir Frank UNK et UNK who are in varying degrees sceptical of the native traditions of the conquest but who defend the catastrophic type of invasion suggested by them. They, in effect, have UNK the opposing positions of the nineteenth century. On the other side are the Celtic UNK who have taken a UNK divergent from both these schools of nineteenth century thought. As a group they should be favorable to a concept of gradual Germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of their work, e&g& UNK Gray and UNK tends to obscure their UNK Those who do have occasion to deal with the invasions in a more general way, like UNK Shore and Arthur Wade-Evans, are on the side of a gradual and often peaceful Germanic penetration into Britain. Wade-Evans, in fact, denies that there were any Anglo-Saxon invasions at all other than a minor UNK UNK in A&D& UNK Now omitting for a moment some recent developments we can say the Saxon Shore hypothesis of Lappenberg and Kemble has undergone virtual UNK in this century. It is no longer possible to say that a sceptical attitude towards the received accounts of the invasions almost automatically produces a "shore occupied by" UNK Everyone is more or less sceptical and virtually no one has been willing to accept Lappenberg or UNK position on that point. One reason is, of course, that the new scepticism has been willing to maintain the general picture of the invasions as portrayed in the traditional sources. The few scholars who have adopted the "shore occupied by" interpretation, UNK Shore, and Wade-Evans, have all been Celtic UNK Moreover, they have done so in rather special circumstances. The primary reason for the abandonment of the "shore occupied by" thesis has been the assimilation and accumulation of archaeological evidence, the most striking feature of early English studies in this century. Again omitting recent developments, UNK UNK UNK of 1913 has stood UNK "So far as archaeology is concerned, there is not the least warrant for the second UNK occupied UNK of these UNK Even earlier UNK had come to the same conclusion. What they meant was that there was no evidence to show that the south and east coasts of Britain received Germanic settlers conspicuously earlier than some other parts of England. That is, there was no trace of UNK in Britain as early as the late third century, to which time the archaeological evidence for the UNK of the Saxon Shore forts was beginning to point. In the face of a clear judgment from archaeology, therefore, it became impossible for a time for scholars to UNK the "shore settled by" theory. In recent years, however, a wind of change seems to be blowing through early English historical circles. The great increase in the amount of archaeological activity, and therefore information, in the years immediately UNK and following the Second World War has brought to light data which has changed the UNK of the Saxon Shore dispute. Where there were none fifteen years ago, several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the "shore occupied by" position. We must, therefore, have a look at the new archaeological material and re-examine the literary and place-name evidence which bears upon the problem. #@# What exactly are we trying to UNK We know that the Saxon Shore was a UNK of late Roman defensive UNK in other words its existence belongs to the period of Roman Britain. So whenever the Romans finally withdrew from the UNK the Saxon Shore disappeared in the first decade of the fifth century. We also know that the Saxon Shore as reflected in the UNK was created as a part of the UNK reorganization of Britain UNK UNK My argument is that there was no Saxon Shore prior to that time even though the forts had been in existence since the time of UNK Therefore, what we must prove or disprove is that there were UNK in the broad sense in which we must UNK the word, in the area of the Saxon Shore at the time it was called the Saxon UNK That is, we must find Saxons in East UNK Kent, UNK and Hampshire in the last half of the fourth century. The problem, in other words, is strictly a chronological one. In UNK the Saxon element on its Saxon Shore was plainly visible because there the Saxons were an UNK element in the population. In Britain, obviously, the archaeological and place-name characteristics of the Saxon Shore region are bound to be UNK It is a matter of trying to sort out an earlier UNK Saxon element from the later, UNK UNK of Anglo-Saxon invasions. This, naturally, will be difficult to do since both the archaeological and place-name evidence in this period, with some fortunate exceptions, is insufficient for precise chronological purposes. It might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one important UNK namely, is the idea that there were Saxon mercenaries in England at all UNK To do so, something was necessary beyond UNK because there was little UNK or romance in the European war; it meant instead UNK dirt, and death. Baker gave Leonard Wood credit for the initiation of the draft of UNK from the UNK idea a chain reaction occurred. Wood took the proposal to Chief of Staff Hugh L& UNK who passed it on to Baker a month before the actual declaration of war against Germany. The Secretary of War gave his UNK after studying the history of the draft in the American Civil War as well as the British volunteer system in World War /1,. He concluded that selective service would not only prevent the UNK of essential war industries but would avoid the undesirable moral effects of the British reliance on UNK only- UNK the feeling of the people was whipped into a frenzy by girls UNK white feathers on reluctant young men, UNK preaching hate of the Germans, and newspapers exaggerating enemy outrages to make men enlist out of motives of UNK and UNK Baker took the plan to Wilson who said: UNK this is plainly right on any ground. Start to prepare the necessary legislation so that if I am obliged to go to Congress the bills will be ready for immediate UNK The result was that by secret agreement draft machinery was actually ready long before the country knew that the device was to take the place of the UNK method which Theodore Roosevelt UNK Before the Draft Act was passed Baker had UNK UNK UNK UNK and prospective draft board members on the administration of the UNK and the confidence was kept so well that only one newspaper learned what was going on. It was Baker, working through UNK Marshal UNK UNK and Major Hugh S& UNK UNK Johnson, who arranged for a secret printing by the million of selective service UNK again before the Act was UNK until UNK in the Government Printing Office were full and the basement of the Washington Post Office was stacked to the ceiling. General UNK proposed that Regular Army officers select the UNK in cities and towns throughout the UNK it was Baker who thought of lessening the shock, which UNK always brings to a country, by substituting UNK from your UNK for the recruiting UNK and registration in familiar voting places rather than at military installations. Even so, the Draft Act encountered rough UNK in its progress through the Congress. Democratic Speaker UNK Clark saw little difference between a UNK and a UNK Democrat Stanley H& UNK Chairman of the House Military Affairs Committee, declined to introduce the bill. Democratic UNK Leader Claude UNK would have no part of the measure. In the judgment of Chief of Staff Scott it was ironic that the draft policy of a Democratic President, aimed at Germany, had to be pushed through the House of Representatives by the ranking minority member of the Military Affairs UNK a Republican Jew born in UNK He was Julius UNK for whom the Chief of Staff thought no honor could be too great. After UNK death in 1924 Scott wrote: UNK he rest in peace with the eternal gratitude of his adopted country". In spite of powerful opposition the Draft Act finally passed Congress on May 17, 1917. In early June ten million young men registered by name and number. The day passed without incident in spite of the warning of Senator James A& Reed of UNK UNK you will have the streets of our American cities running with blood on registration day". On July 20, the first drawing of numbers occurred in the Senate Office Building before a distinguished group of congressmen and high Army officers. Secretary of War Baker, UNK put his hand into a large glass bowl and drew the initial number of those to be called. It was UNK A man in Mississippi UNK UNK for drawing UNK that's me". He was the first of UNK called to the Army through the selective service system. ## It was one thing to call men to the UNK it was another to house, feed, and train them. The existing Army posts were wholly inadequate. In a matter of months the War Department built UNK camps, each one UNK fifty thousand men- sixteen were under canvas in the South and sixteen with frame structures in the North. It was a UNK UNK a typical UNK in the North had twelve hundred buildings, an UNK system, and twenty-five miles of roads. At Camp Taylor in Kentucky a UNK was built in an hour and a half from timber that had been standing in Mississippi forests one week before. The total operation was a construction project comparable in magnitude with the UNK UNK but in 1917 time was in short UNK in three months the Army spent three-quarters as much as had been expended on the "big UNK in ten years. In later years UNK UNK to claim that World War /1, was the first in American history in which there was great concern for both the health and morals of our soldiers. It was the first American war in which the death rate from disease was lower than that from battle, due to the provision of trained medical personnel (of the 200,000 officers, UNK were UNK compulsory UNK rigorous camp sanitation, and adequate hospital facilities. To the middle of September UNK there had been fewer than 10,000 deaths from disease in the new army. This enviable record would have been maintained but for a great and unexpected disaster which struck the world with murderous UNK It was the UNK UNK of UNK The UNK was popularly known as the UNK UNK from the alleged UNK of its origin. The world-wide total of deaths from UNK UNK was around twenty UNK in the United States 300,000 succumbed to it. In mid-September UNK the UNK UNK swept through every American military UNK during the UNK UNK attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate UNK 5 per year per 1,000 UNK increased almost fifty times to 4 <per UNK per 1,000 men. In spite of this catastrophe the final mortality figure from disease in the American Army during World War /1, was 15 per 1,000 per year, contrasted with 110 per 1,000 per year in the Mexican War, and 65 in the American Civil War. Both Secretary of War Baker and Secretary of Navy UNK devoted much time and effort to the problem of providing reasonably normal and wholesome activities in camp for the millions of men who had been removed from their home environment. Their policy ran counter to the traditional idea that a good fighter was usually a UNK and that in sex affairs UNK UNK was a proof of UNK Baker moved first; six days after war was declared he appointed Raymond Fosdick chairman of the Commission on Training Camp Activities (the UNK Fosdick, a brother of minister Harry Emerson Fosdick, was a graduate of Princeton, and a member of UNK UNK Kappa and the American UNK Association. His assignment was not a new one because Baker had sent him to the Mexican border in 1916 to investigate UNK newspaper stories about lack of discipline, UNK and venereal disease in American military camps. Fosdick had found the installations surrounded by a battery of saloons and houses of UNK with UNK de UNK from all over the country UNK to San UNK UNK and El Paso to UNK the UNK He also ascertained that many officers were indifferent to the problem, including UNK General Frederick UNK who gave Fosdick the nickname of UNK On the basis of the long chronicle of military history UNK and his brethren assumed that the issue was insoluble and that anyone interested in a mission like Fosdick's was an impractical UNK or a UNK During the brief Mexican venture Fosdick's report to the Secretary recommended a definite stand by the War Department against the saloon and the excesses of UNK The problem involved military necessity as much as morality, for in UNK days venereal disease was a UNK UNK Fosdick insisted that a strong word was needed from Washington, and it was immediately UNK Baker put the UNK and the saloons out of UNK ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities, and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored. Both Baker and Fosdick knew that a substitute was necessary, that a UNK approach was not the real answer. They were aware that soldiers went to town, in more ways than one, because of the monotony of camp life, to find the only release available in the absence of movies, reading rooms, and playing fields with adequate athletic equipment. Both knew that when trains stopped at Texan crossroads bored soldiers would sometimes enter to ask the passengers if they had any reading material to UNK even a UNK There was no time in the short Mexican encounter to evolve a solution but the area provided a proving ground for new departures in the near future. When the United States entered the First World War Baker made certain that the Draft Act of 1917 prohibited the sale of liquor to men in uniform and that it provided for broad zones around the camps in which prostitution was UNK Even so Fosdick, as the new Chairman of the Commission on Training Camp UNK encountered strong and vociferous opposition. New Orleans had a notorious UNK district extending over twenty-eight city blocks, and the UNK mayor of the city UNK to Washington to present the case for "the UNK right of men to be UNK In Europe, Premier UNK showing his animal UNK as the UNK of UNK asked UNK by letter for the creation of special houses where the sexual desires of American men could be satisfied. When Fosdick showed the letter to Baker his negative response was: "For God's sake, Raymond, don't show this to the President or he'll stop the war". Ultimately Fosdick's UNK to UNK slogan swept across the country and every well-known UNK district in the United States was closed, a hundred and ten of them. The result was that the rate of venereal disease in the American Army was the lowest in our military history. This was the negative side of the situation. UNK Baker worked on the premise that UNK men spontaneously prefer to be decent, and that opportunities for wholesome recreation are the best possible cure for irregularities in conduct which arise from idleness and the UNK UNK The wholesome activities were to be provided by many organizations including the UNK the Knights of Columbus, the Jewish Welfare Board, the American Library Association, and the UNK and Recreation UNK private societies which voluntarily performed the job that was taken over almost entirely by the Special Services Division of the Army itself in World War /2,. Over these voluntary agencies, in UNK the ~CTCA served as a UNK body in carrying out what UNK called "the most stupendous piece of social work in modern times". Under Fosdick the first executive officer of the ~CTCA was Richard Byrd, whose name in later years was to become synonymous with activities at the polar UNK From the point of view of popularity the UNK member of the Commission was Walter UNK the Yale athlete whose UNK was "the father of American UNK He was placed in charge of UNK and among other things adapted the type of UNK known as the daily dozen. The ~CTCA program of activities was UNK William UNK and Mary UNK on the screen, UNK UNK and Harry UNK on the stage, books provided by the American Library Association, full equipment for games and UNK except that no UNK were furnished for the all-time favorite pastime played on any floor and known as UNK UNK The ~CTCA distributed a UNK UNK that provided the impetus for spirited UNK of the selections found therein, plus a number of others whose lyrics were more UNK from UNK Get Your UNK to "Keep the Home UNK UNK to UNK from UNK In the imagination of the nineteenth century the Greek UNK and Shakespeare stand side by side, their affinity UNK all the immense UNK of historical UNK religious belief, and poetic form. We no longer use the particular terms of UNK and Victor UNK But we abide by their UNK The word UNK UNK for us in a single span both the Greek and the Elizabethan example. The sense of relationship UNK the historical truth that Shakespeare may have known next to nothing of the actual works of UNK UNK and UNK It transcends the glaring fact that the UNK mixed tragedy and comedy whereas the Greeks kept the two modes severely UNK It overcomes our UNK awareness of the vast difference in the shape and fabric of the two languages and styles of dramatic presentation. The UNK of a related spirit and ordering of human values are stronger than any sense of UNK UNK visions of life are at work in UNK and UNK and UNK We see at once what Victor UNK means when he calls Macbeth a northern UNK of the house of UNK UNK seems to lie in a range of UNK and the fate of UNK UNK in that of UNK The UNK of hell search out their UNK in UNK sanctuary as they do in the tent of Richard /3,. Oedipus and UNK attain similar insights by virtue of similar UNK It it not between UNK and Shakespeare that the western mind turns away from the ancient tragic sense of life. It is after the late seventeenth century. I say the late seventeenth century because UNK UNK UNK did not really UNK stands on the far side of the UNK The image of man which enters into force with Aeschylus is still vital in UNK and UNK It is the triumph of UNK and secular metaphysics which marks the point of no return. Shakespeare is closer to UNK than he is to Pope and UNK To say this is to set aside the UNK of time. But it is true, UNK The modes of the imagination implicit in UNK tragedy continued to shape the life of the mind until the age of UNK and UNK It is only then that the ancient habits of feeling and the classic UNK of material and psychological experience were UNK With the UNK de la UNK and the UNK the things UNK of in UNK philosophy seem to pass from the world. In Greek tragedy as in Shakespeare, mortal actions are UNK by forces which UNK man. The reality of UNK entails that of the UNK the UNK UNK wait for the soul of UNK We cannot conceive of Oedipus without a UNK nor of UNK without a UNK The shadows cast by the UNK of Greek and Shakespearean drama UNK into a greater darkness. And the entirety of the natural world is party to the action. The UNK over the sacred wood at UNK and the storms in UNK UNK are caused by more than weather. In tragedy, lightning is a messenger. But it can no longer be so once Benjamin Franklin (the UNK of the new rational UNK has flown a UNK to it. The tragic stage is a platform extending UNK between heaven and hell. Those who walk on it may encounter at any turn ministers of grace or UNK UNK and UNK instruct us how little of the world belongs to man. UNK is the pacing of a brief and dangerous watch, and to all UNK whether at UNK or on the UNK at UNK the coming of dawn has its breath of miracle. It UNK the night UNK to fire or UNK But at the touch of UNK and Voltaire the noble or UNK UNK which had UNK the mind since UNK blood cried out for UNK disappeared altogether or took UNK refuge among the UNK of UNK Modern UNK have lost the art of crowing restless spirits back to UNK In UNK in Shakespeare's England, and at UNK the UNK of worldly power were stable and UNK The wheel of social life spun around the royal or aristocratic UNK From it, UNK of order and degree led to the outward rim of the common man. UNK presumes such a UNK Its sphere is that of royal courts, dynastic UNK and UNK ambitions. The same UNK of swift UNK and UNK decline apply to Oedipus and Macbeth because they applied also to UNK and UNK And the fate of such men has tragic relevance because it is public. UNK UNK and UNK perform their tragic actions before the eyes of the UNK Similarly the sufferings of UNK UNK or UNK engage the fortunes of the state. They are enacted at the heart of the body politic. Hence the natural setting of tragedy is the palace gate, the public square, or the court chamber. Greek and Elizabethan life and, to a certain extent, the life of UNK shared this character of intense UNK UNK and factions UNK in the open street and died on the open UNK With the rise to power of the middle class the UNK of gravity in human affairs shifted from the public to the UNK The art of Defoe and Richardson is founded on an awareness of this great change. UNK an action had possessed the breadth of tragedy only if it involved high UNK and if it occurred in the public view. Behind the tragic hero stands the chorus, the UNK or the UNK UNK In the eighteenth century there emerges for the first time the notion of a private tragedy (or nearly for the first time, there having been a small number of Elizabethan domestic tragedies such as the famous UNK of UNK In <La UNK and UNK tragedy is made UNK And private tragedy became the chosen ground not of drama, but of the new, unfolding art of the novel. The novel was not only the UNK of the new, secular, UNK private world of the middle class. It served also as a literary form exactly appropriate to the fragmented audience of modern urban culture. I have said before how difficult it is to make any precise statements with regard to the character of the Greek and Elizabethan public. But one major fact seems UNK Until the advent of rational UNK the controlling habits of the western mind were symbolic and UNK UNK evidence regarding the natural world, the course of history, and the varieties of human action were translated into imaginative designs or UNK UNK mythology and Christianity are such UNK of the imagination. They order the manifold levels of reality and moral value along an axis of being which extends from UNK matter to the UNK stars. There had not yet UNK between understanding and expression the new languages of mathematics and scientific formulas. The poet was by definition a UNK his UNK and UNK being natural organizations of reality. And in these organizations certain UNK notions played a radiant part, radiant both in the sense of giving light and of being a pole toward which all UNK UNK I mean such concepts as the presence of the supernatural in human affairs, the UNK of grace and divine UNK the idea of UNK (the UNK over UNK the prophecy of the witches to UNK or God's covenant with His people in UNK I refer to the notion that the structure of society is a UNK of the cosmic design and that history conforms to patterns of justice and UNK as if it were a morality play set in motion by the gods for our instruction. These conceptions and the manner in which they were transposed into poetry or engendered by poetic form are intrinsic to western life from the time of Aeschylus to that of Shakespeare. And although they were, as I have indicated, under increasing strain at the time of UNK they are still alive in his theatre. They are the essential force behind the conventions of tragedy. They are as decisively present in the UNK and UNK as in UNK King UNK and UNK After the seventeenth century the audience ceased to be an organic community to which these ideas and their attendant habits of figurative language would be natural or immediately familiar. UNK such as grace, UNK UNK UNK or the chain of being, which are everywhere implicit in classic and Shakespearean tragedy, lose their vitality. They become philosophic abstractions of a private and UNK UNK or mere UNK in religious customs which had in them a diminishing part of active belief. After Shakespeare the master spirits of western consciousness are no longer the blind UNK the poets, or UNK performing his art in the face of hell. They are UNK UNK and UNK And their UNK are not the dramatic poets but the prose UNK The romantics were the immediate UNK of this tremendous change. They were not yet prepared to accept it as UNK Rousseau's UNK the UNK mythology of UNK UNK organic metaphysics, Victor UNK image of the poets as the UNK and Shelley's UNK UNK are related elements in the UNK action fought by the romantics against the new scientific UNK From this action sprang the idea of somehow UNK Greek and Shakespearean drama into a new total form, capable of restoring to life the ancient moral and poetic responses. The dream of achieving a synthesis between the UNK and the Shakespearean genius inspired the ambitions of poets and composers from the time of Shelley and Victor UNK to that of UNK It could not really be fulfilled. The conventions into which the romantics tried to breath life no longer corresponded to the realities of thought and feeling. But the attempt itself produced a number of brilliant works, and these form a transition from the early romantic period to the new age of UNK and UNK ## The wedding of the Hellenic to the northern genius was one of the dominant motifs in UNK thought. His Italian journey was a poet's version of those perennial thrusts across the UNK of the German UNK of the Middle Ages. The dream of a descent into the gardens of the south always drew German ambitions toward Rome and UNK Goethe asks in UNK UNK whether we know the land where the lemon trees UNK and the light of the Mediterranean UNK through UNK UNK and the UNK UNK Goethe believed that the Germanic spirit, with its grave strength but flagrant UNK of brutality and UNK should be UNK with the old UNK wisdom and UNK of the UNK On the narrower ground of poetic form, he felt that in the drama of the future the Greek conception of tragic fate should be joined to the Shakespearean vision of tragic will. The UNK between God and UNK brings on the destiny of UNK but UNK assumes his role UNK The third Act of UNK /2, is a formal celebration of the union between the Germanic and the UNK between the spirit of UNK and that of romantic drama. The motif of UNK love for Helen of UNK goes back to the sources of the UNK UNK It tells us of the ancient human desire to see the highest wisdom joined to the highest UNK beauty. There can be no greater magic than to UNK from death her in whom the flesh was all, in whom beauty was entirely pure because it was entirely UNK It is thus that the brightness of Helen passes through UNK UNK Goethe used the UNK to more elaborate ends. UNK UNK Helen from UNK vengeance is the genius of renaissance Europe restoring to life the classic tradition. The UNK change from the palace at UNK to UNK UNK UNK directs us to the aesthetic meaning of the UNK the translation of antique drama into Shakespearean and romantic UNK This UNK or rather the fusion of the two ideals, creates the UNK the UNK art UNK The Bishop of UNK described the elder Thomas in UNK as the richest UNK in his UNK worth five hundred pounds a year in lands and goods. When Quiney and William Parsons wrote to Greville in UNK asking his consent in the election for bailiff, they sent the letter to Mr& William UNK attendant on the UNK Mr& Thomas Bushell at UNK Mr& Bushell was mentioned in UNK in the will of UNK UNK widow of a Stratford UNK Thomas the elder married UNK had seventeen children, and died in UNK His daughter Elinor married UNK son Adrian in UNK and his son Henry married Mary Lane of Stratford in UNK His son Thomas, aged fifteen when he entered Oxford in UNK married as his first wife UNK sister of Sir Edward UNK Bridges, a son by his second wife, was UNK at UNK in UNK but Thomas the younger was living at UNK two years later and sold UNK UNK manor in UNK A third Thomas Bushell UNK UNK UNK by UNK called himself "the UNK UNK in <The First Part of UNK UNK UNK and became an expert on silver mines and on the art of running into UNK Edward UNK born about UNK had inherited UNK on the execution of his father UNK for murder in UNK He refused his consent to the election of Quiney as bailiff in UNK but gave it at the request of the UNK his cousin Sir Fulke UNK The corporation entertained him for dinner at UNK house in UNK with wine and sugar sent by the bailiff, UNK At UNK on November 3, UNK the UNK asked him to support their petition for a new UNK Sturley wrote to Quiney that Sir Edward UNK his allowance and liking thereof, and UNK unto us his best UNK so that his rights be UNK and that UNK Edward saith we shall not be at any fault for money for UNK the cause, for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time". Greville proposed Quiney as the UNK man "for the following of the cause and to attend him in the UNK and at his suggestion the corporation allowed Quiney two UNK a day. "If you can firmly make the good knight sure to pleasure our UNK Sturley wrote, UNK that ordinary allowance for your diet you shall have UNK for UNK In his letter mentioning Shakespeare on January 24, UNK Sturley asked Quiney especially that UNK might UNK UNK Sir UNK UNK some UNK made to the UNK of the Parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and UNK UNK our towne is like to be UNK and I assure UNK I am in great UNK and UNK UNK no UNK UNK to UNK Sir UNK UNK is UNK to UNK and from thence to UNK as I UNK who UNK well UNK our UNK and UNK be UNK to do us UNK UNK The knights for UNK in this UNK which ended its session on February 9, were Fulke Greville (the UNK and William UNK of Warwick, as Fulke Greville and Edward Greville had been in UNK The corporation voted on September 27, UNK that Quiney should ride to London about the suit to Sir John UNK chancellor of the UNK for discharging of the tax and UNK He had been in London for several weeks when he wrote to Shakespeare on October 25. Sturley on November 4 answered a letter from Quiney written on October 25 which UNK wrote UNK "that our UNK **f **f UNK would procure us UNK which I will like of as I shall UNK when UNK + UNK and I UNK let not go that occasion if it UNK sort to UNK indifferent UNK UNK that if monei might be had for 30 or **f a lease UNK might be UNK Sturley quoted Quiney as having written on November 1 that if he had UNK monei UNK much might be done to UNK our Charter UNK UNK UNK more, with UNK of UNK UNK and UNK and a matter of more UNK then all that". Sturley thought that this matter might be "the rest of the UNK and the College houses and UNK in our UNK He suggested offering half to Sir UNK fearing lest UNK shall UNK it to good for us and procure it for UNK as he served us the last time". This refers to what had happened after the Earl of Warwick died in UNK when the town petitioned UNK for the right to name the vicar and UNK and other privileges but Greville bought the lordship for himself. UNK UNK probably explains why Greville took out the patent in the names of Best and UNK for Sir Anthony UNK described Best as "a UNK within Temple UNK that deals in many matters for my L& UNK through Sir UNK UNK especially in UNK that he would not be known of". Adrian Quiney wrote to his son Richard on October 29 and again perhaps the next day, since the bearer of the letter, the bailiff, was expected to reach London on November 1. In his second letter the old UNK advised his son "to UNK some such UNK as yow may UNK UNK with UNK UNK yow UNK with **f UNK **h UNK in the UNK or UNK money ther or UNK your money home yow UNK see UNK UNK UNK be sold ther UNK UNK UNK of them at UNK **h. UNK I UNK yow UNK UNK good UNK yow can have money". This seems to UNK not to the loan Richard had asked for, but to a proposed bargain with Shakespeare. Richard Quiney the UNK a UNK of UNK wrote a letter in Latin asking his father to buy UNK UNK UNK for him and his brother. His mother UNK who could not write herself, reminded her husband through Sturley to buy the UNK he had promised her and "a suite of UNK for 5 UNK the UNK lined + trimmed with UNK (for John, only a year UNK A letter signed UNK UNK UNK "Good UNK Quiney to find her UNK UNK son of George UNK a place in London with some UNK William Parsons and William UNK UNK asked Quiney to see to business matters in London. Daniel Baker UNK his UNK UNK with requests to pay money for him to UNK in UNK Street and at the Two UNK in UNK Street. His letter of October 26 named two of the men about whom Quiney had written to Shakespeare the day before. Baker wrote: "I UNK order with **f E& UNK for the payment of UNK monei UNK his going UNK London. + UNK I did write unto him to UNK him to UNK **f for mee which UNK mee greatly uppon to have UNK + **f more **f UNK UNK UNK order with his master to UNK for UNK He asked Quiney to find out whether the money had been paid and, if not, to send to the lodging of Sir Edward and UNK him to pay what he UNK Baker added: "I pray you UNK these UNK Letters And UNK mee to **f UNK UNK UNK I know will UNK mee for the payment of this UNK Further letters in November mention that Sir Edward paid forty pounds. UNK petition to the queen declared that two great fires had burnt two hundred houses in the town, with household goods, to the value of twelve thousand pounds. The chancellor of the UNK wrote on the UNK "in UNK opinion it is very UNK and UNK for UNK UNK to UNK in relief of this towne UNK afflicted and almost wasted by UNK The queen agreed on December 17, a warrant was signed on January 27, and the UNK paid Quiney his expenses on February 27, UNK He listed what he had spent for "My own diet in London eighteen weeks, in which I was sick a UNK my mare at coming up 14 days; another I bought there to bring me home 7 UNK and I was six days going UNK and coming UNK all which cost me at the least UNK He was allowed forty-four pounds in all, including fees to the masters of UNK Mr& UNK of the UNK the UNK general, and other officials and their UNK If he borrowed money from Shakespeare or with his help, he would now have been able to repay the loan. Since more is known about Quiney than about any other acquaintance of Shakespeare in UNK his career may be followed to its sudden end in UNK During UNK and UNK he made UNK UNK of UNK UNK provision bestowed uppon UNK + others for the better UNK of our UNK in UNK He was in London UNK records for our town's UNK in 1600 with young Henry UNK the assistant UNK When Sir Edward Greville enclosed the town UNK on the UNK Quiney and others leveled his UNK on January 21, UNK and were charged with UNK by Sir UNK He also sued them for taking toll of grain at their market. UNK by UNK Greene our UNK UNK Greene of the Middle UNK Shakespeare's UNK Quiney tried to consult Sir Edward UNK attorney general, and gave money to a clerk and a UNK "that we might have access to their master for his counsel **h butt colde UNK have him UNK UNK by the reason of UNK UNK (the Essex rising on February UNK He set down that "I gave **f Greene a UNK of UNK and a roll of bread that last morning I went to have his company to Master UNK After returning to Stratford he drew up a defense of the town's right to toll corn and the office of collecting it, and his list of suggested witnesses included his father and Shakespeare's father. No one, he wrote, took any corn of UNK for his bailiff of UNK UNK a UNK UNK UNK who UNK came to put hys UNK into hys UNK for UNK UNK shuld leave hys UNK be UNK UNK Quiney was in London again in June, UNK and in November, when he rode up, as Shakespeare must often have done, by way of Oxford, High UNK and UNK and home through UNK and UNK After Quiney was elected bailiff in September, UNK without UNK approval, Greene wrote him that UNK had promised to be of counsel for Stratford and had advised "that the office of UNK may be exercised as it is taken upon you, UNK UNK his consent not UNK UNK to the UNK of UNK Asked by the UNK to cease his suit, Greville had answered that UNK UNK UNK UNK **f first + UNK it must be tried UNK before my UNK Anderson in the UNK or his uncle UNK in the UNK with whom he colde more UNK then UNK The corporation proposed Chief Justice Anderson for an UNK sending him a gift of UNK and UNK Lady UNK daughter of the late Lord Chancellor UNK and niece of Sir John UNK was offered twenty pounds by the UNK to make peace; she UNK + thought she shuld UNK it but her husband said that "we shuld UNK it by the UNK His servant UNK Whitney threatened UNK who had Whitney bound to "the good UNK to keep the peace. A report of **f UNK UNK UNK to the UNK UNK + UNK of UNK tells how Quiney was injured by UNK men: "in the UNK **f UNK UNK was UNK ther came some of them UNK UNK UNK fell to UNK in ther hosts UNK UNK UNK UNK + UNK ther UNK uppon the UNK UNK a UNK UNK the UNK being late UNK to see the towne in order + UNK by in **f UNK UNK came into the UNK + UNK the peace to be kept butt colde UNK UNK + in hys UNK to UNK the UNK had his UNK UNK UNK by one of hys UNK men whom UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK nor UNK suffer to be UNK but with a UNK to UNK them UNK + UNK UNK The fall of Rome, the discovery of precious metals, and the Protestant UNK were all links and could only be explained and understood by comprehending the links that preceded and those that followed. Often the historian must consider the use of intuition or instinct by those individuals or nations which he is UNK UNK governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking without fully realizing why they are doing so. They react in obedience to an instinct or urge which has itself been impelled by natural law. A court may strike down a law on the basis of an intuitive feeling that the law is UNK to the numerical UNK A nation may go to war on some UNK UNK when in reality it may have been guided by an unconscious instinct that its very life was at UNK When the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence, he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible UNK Adams firmly contended that the historian must never UNK the impact of the geographical environment on history. Here was another indispensable tool. Indeed, he concluded that UNK conditions have exercised a great, possibly a UNK influence over man's UNK The failure of Greece to reach the imperial destiny that UNK Athens had seemed to promise was almost directly attributable to her physical UNK All areas of history were either favorably or adversely affected by the geographical environment, and no respectable historian could pursue the study of history without a thorough knowledge of UNK Brooks Adams was consistent in his UNK to historians about the necessary tools or insights they needed to UNK However, as a practicing historian, he, himself, has left few clues to the amount of professional scholarship that he used when writing history. In fact, if judgments are to be rendered upon the UNK of his UNK they must be based on UNK evidence. What evidence is available would seem to indicate that Brooks, unlike his older brother Henry, had most of the methodological vices usually found in the UNK A UNK a distaste for UNK an uncritical reliance on contemporary accounts, and a UNK to assume a theory as true before adequate proof was provided were all evidences of his failure to comprehend the use of the scientific method or to evaluate the responsibilities of the historian to his reading public. This is not to assume that his work was without merit, but the validity of his assumptions concerning the meaning of history must always be considered against this background of an UNK approach. His UNK is perhaps best illustrated in his introduction to <The Emancipation of UNK which UNK to examine the trials of Moses and to draw a parallel between the leader of the UNK UNK from Egypt and the leadership of the Puritan clergy in colonial New England. Much criticism has been leveled at this rather forced analogy, but what is equally significant is Adams' complete acceptance of the Biblical record as "good and UNK history". In light of the scholarly UNK engendered by the higher criticism this is a most remarkable statement, particularly coming from one who was well known for his UNK views. The desire to UNK a thesis at the expense of sound research technique UNK more of the UNK than the historian. A similar UNK characteristic is revealed in Adams' failure to check the accuracy and authenticity of his UNK sources. If he found data that fitted his general plan, he used it and counted his sources UNK Conversely, if statistics were uncovered which UNK a cherished theory, the sources were denounced as UNK Such UNK are frequently encountered in his essay on the suppression of the UNK during the English UNK Adams depended largely on the dispatches of foreign ambassadors and observers in England, claiming that the reports of such agents had to be accurate because there were no newspapers. This is certainly an irrational UNK in which the modern mind attempts to understand the spirit of the sixteenth century on twentieth-century terms. Moreover, he rejects the contemporary accounts of UNK casually UNK them to be distorted by prejudice because "the opinions of Englishmen are of no great UNK What is UNK by this observation is not the inherent prejudices of Englishmen but the UNK of Brooks UNK In all fairness it must be admitted that Adams made no pretense at being an impartial historian. UNK to him meant an unwillingness to generalize and to search for a UNK He UNK the impact of German UNK on the writing of history, UNK it a UNK UNK UNK and his disciples had reduced history to a profession of UNK Brooks Adams preferred the UNK of UNK or the style and UNK of Edward UNK for at least they took a stand on the issues about which they wrote. He wrote UNK to William James that impartial history was not only impossible but UNK If the historian was convinced of his own UNK then he should not allow his vision to become UNK by disturbing facts. It was history that must be in error, not the historian. It was this basic trait that separated Adams from the ranks of professional historians and led him to commit time and time again what was his most serious offense against the historical UNK namely, the tendency to assume the truth of an hypothesis before submitting it to the test of facts. All of Adams' work reflects this UNK characteristic. No page seems to be complete without the statement of at least one UNK UNK One example of this was his assertion that "**h all UNK UNK must be dealt with by physical UNK There is no explanation of terms nor a qualification that most such UNK have been dealt with by force- only a UNK UNK that they must, because of some undefined UNK be so UNK On matters of race he was similarly UNK "Most of the modern Latin races seem to have inherited **h the UNK of the Roman mind". He cites the French Revolution as UNK this UNK but makes no mention of the UNK who have been able to adapt to all types of circumstances. He UNK that "one of the first signs of advancing civilization is the fall in the value of women in men's UNK It made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion. For Adams had made up his mind before all the facts were available. All critics of Adams and his methods have observed this particular UNK J& T& UNK was UNK by such UNK history as that which attributed the fall of the UNK empire to the woolen trade, and he urged Adams to UNK his essay into a real history, UNK not merely those facts which fit into his theory, but also the modifications and UNK A& M& UNK called the Adams method literally UNK while UNK Day maintained that the assumptions were not confined to theories alone but were also applicable to straight factual evidence. Moreover, stated Day, "He always UNK facts which tend to disprove his UNK Even D& A& UNK who compared <The Emancipation of UNK to the lifting of a fog from ancient UNK was also forced to admit the methodological deficiencies of the author. In UNK Brooks Adams felt that the nature of history was order and that the order so discovered was as much subject to historical laws as the forces of nature. Moreover, he believed that most professional historians lacked some of the essential instruments for a proper study of history. However, despite the insight of many of his observations, his own conclusions are open to suspicion because of his failure to employ at all times the correct research methods. This should not prejudice an evaluation of his findings, but they were not the findings of a completely impartial UNK What was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought. In the final analysis his contribution to American UNK was founded on almost intuitive insights into religion, economics, and UNK the three factors which conditioned his search for a law of history. UNK WITHOUT UNK Brooks Adams considered religion as an extremely significant manifestation of man's fear of the unknown. But it was nothing more than that. Religion and the churches were institutions which had been created by man, not God. He did not deny God; he simply did not believe that a Creator intervened or interfered in human affairs. The historian need not be concerned with the philosophical problems suggested by religion. There was no evidence, either of a positive or negative type, of the actions of a Divine Being in this world; and, since the historian should only be interested in strictly terrestrial activity, his research should eliminate the UNK Furthermore, he must regard religion as the expression of human forces. Certainly, he must recognize its power and attempt to ascertain its influence on the flow of history, but he must not confuse the natural and the mundane with the divine. Adams was not breaking new ground when he claimed that the worship of an unseen power was in reality a reflection of man's inability to cope with his environment. Students of anthropology and comparative religion had long been aware that there was, indeed, a direct connection. But Adams was one of the first to suggest that this human UNK was the only motivating factor behind religion. It was this fear which explained the development of a UNK UNK whose function in society was to UNK and UNK the angry UNK To keep themselves entrenched in power, the priests were forced to demonstrate their unique status through the miracle. It was the use of the supernatural that kept them in business. The German UNK of the fourth century offered an excellent example: "The Germans in the fourth century were a very simple race, who UNK little of natural laws, and who therefore referred phenomena they did not understand to supernatural intervention. This intervention could only be controlled by priests, and thus the invasions caused a rapid rise in the influence of the sacred class. The power of every ecclesiastical organization has always rested on the miracle, and the clergy have always proved their divine commission as did UNK Adams contended that once such a special class had been created it became a vested interest and sought to maintain itself by assuming exclusive control over the relationships between God and man. Thus, the Church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution, determined to resist the forces of change, to identify itself with the political UNK and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses. UNK was not only UNK it was also UNK "and no believer in an inspired church could tolerate having her canons examined as we should examine human UNK These basic ideas concerning the nature of religion were, Adams believed, some of the major keys to the understanding of history and the movement of society. The dark views about the UNK found in <The Emancipation of UNK were never UNK Despite their adherence to the <status UNK the forces of organized religion were compelled to make adjustments as increasing civilization augmented human knowledge. In <The Law of Civilization and UNK Brooks Adams traced this UNK always pointing to the fact that although the forms became more rational, the substance remained unchanged. The relic worship and UNK of the Middle Ages were more advanced forms than were primitive UNK worship and nature UNK Yet, the idea imbedded in each was UNK to surround the unknown with mystery and to isolate that class which had been given special dominion over the secrets of God. To Adams that age in which religion exercised power over the entire culture of the race was one of imagination, and it is largely the admiration he so obviously held for such UNK that betrays a peculiar UNK a sentiment he would have probably denied. Stephens had written his classic UNK of UNK about these regions a hundred years before, and UNK who had studied UNK in London and the great ruins of Egypt and UNK had drawn the splendid illustrations that accompanied the text. UNK an architect in New York, had been forgotten, like UNK and Victor reconstructed their lives as one UNK for a museum, a UNK from two or three UNK bones. He had UNK UNK letters in a New Jersey farmhouse and he discovered UNK UNK grave in an old UNK on the east side of New York, where the great traveller had been hastily buried during a UNK epidemic. Victor had been stirred by my account of him in UNK and UNK for Stephens was one of the lost writers whom UNK had seen in his childhood and whom I was bent on UNK Victor had led an UNK life. His UNK was the American UNK and he had lived all over Latin America and among the primitive tribes on the UNK river. Well he knew the UNK nights, the UNK UNK dogs and the UNK insects in the villages of the UNK and UNK He had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years, the UNK of the ancient UNK highway, the route of UNK in UNK but he had climbed to the original El UNK the UNK lake of UNK and he had UNK the southern UNK Nevada with its UNK people and looked into the UNK mines of UNK As a UNK living for two years at the headwaters of the UNK he had collected specimens for Mexican museums, and he had taken to the London UNK a live UNK the sacred bird of the old UNK In fact, he had raised UNK birds in his camp in the forest of UNK Moreover, he had spent six months on the UNK UNK among the great UNK that Captain Cook had found there, and now and then he would disappear into some small island of the West UNK UNK book on John Lloyd Stephens was largely written in my study in the house at Weston. I had had my name taken out of the telephone book, and this was partly because of a convict who had been discharged from UNK UNK and who called me night after night. He said he was a friend of Heywood UNK who had run a free employment bureau for several months during the depression, but the generous UNK to whom I wrote did not know his name and I somehow conceived the UNK notion that the man in question was UNK round the house. But one day came the voice of a man I had known when he was a boy, and I later remembered that this boy, thirty years before, had struck me as coming to no good. There had been something sinister about him that warned me against UNK I had never felt that way about any other UNK but when he uttered his name on the telephone I had forgotten this and I was glad to do what he asked of me. He was a UNK he said, in the army, and on the train to New York his purse and all his money had been UNK and would I lend him twenty-five dollars to be given him at the General UNK UNK Never hearing from him again, I remembered the little boy of whom I had had such doubts when he was ten years old. We lived for a while in a movie UNK with a German cook and her son who turned out to be UNK Finally we got them out of the house, after the boy had run away four times looking for other Nazis, threatening to murder village UNK and UNK that he was to be the next UNK Then he began to have UNK UNK We found that a charitable society in New York had a long UNK of the UNK and they agreed to see that the tragic pair would not put poison in anybody else's UNK To the Weston house came once William Allen UNK the president of Smith College who had been one of my old professors and who still called me UNK when I was UNK It reminded me of my other UNK Edward UNK UNK of whom I had been so fond when I was at Harvard, the great UNK and classical scholar who had asked me to call him UNK saying, UNK counts for nothing among those who have learned to know life UNK UNK UNK I had always thought of that UNK man as many years older than myself, although he was perhaps only twenty years older, and he confirmed my feeling, along with the feeling of both my UNK that teachers of the classics are invariably UNK I must have written to say how much I had enjoyed his fine book <The Building of Eternal UNK and I found he had not regretted giving me the highest mark in his old course on the later Latin poets, although in my final examination I had ignored the questions and filled the UNK with a comparison of UNK and UNK He had written to me about a dinner he had had with the UNK monks at St& UNK UNK in Washington. There had been reading at table, especially from two books, Pope Gregory the UNK account of St& UNK in his UNK and my own <The World of Washington UNK He said, "Some have criticized your book as being neither literary criticism nor history. Of course it was not meant to be. Some have felt that Washington Irving comes out rather UNK but let them look at the title of the book". He felt as I felt about this best of all my books, that it was UNK UNK Two or three times, C& C& UNK came to lunch with us in UNK that wonderful man who lived to be more than a hundred years old and whose birthplace had been my Wall Street UNK His reading ranged from UNK UNK to the Book of UNK and he had an UNK interest in his UNK while his letters were full of gossip about new politicians and old men of letters with whom he had been intimately thrown six decades before. I could never forget the UNK with which, when he was both blind and UNK he let me lead him around his rooms to look at some of the UNK and once when he came to see us in New York he walked away in a UNK unwilling to hear of a taxi or even an UNK although he was at the time ninety years old. There were several men of ninety or more whom I knew first or last, all of whom were still productive and most of whom knew one another as if they had naturally come together at the UNK of their lives. I never met John UNK whose style was a sort of verbal fog and who had written asking me to go to Mexico with him when he was investigating the cause of UNK but I liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at Key West long after UNK had moved to Cuba. At Lee UNK house, I had UNK with Edith Hamilton, the UNK UNK and the charming scholar who had a great popular success with <The Greek UNK Then there was Mark Howe and there was Henry Dwight UNK an accomplished man of letters who wrote in the spirit of UNK and produced in the end a formidable body of work. I saw UNK often before his death at UNK he had UNK at the age of UNK and he asked me, when once I returned from Rome, if I knew the UNK in the church of St& UNK in UNK I had to confess that I had missed these UNK recently discovered, that he had studied in his UNK UNK had chosen to follow the philosophy of UNK whom, with his followers, UNK put in UNK but he defended the doctrine in <The Art of UNK and what indeed could be said against the UNK UNK health, UNK privacy, culture and UNK Of Mark UNK De Wolfe Howe the philosopher Whitehead said the Earth's first visitors to Mars should be persons likely to make a good UNK and when he was asked, UNK would you UNK he replied, "My first choice would be Mark UNK This friend of many years came once to visit us in the house at Weston. Then I spoke at the UNK birthday party of W& E& UNK Du UNK who UNK on a fictional trilogy at UNK and who, with <The UNK had created a Negro UNK that had never existed in America before him. As their interpreter and guide, he had broken with UNK and become a spokesman of the UNK people of the world. Mr& UNK UNK wrote to me once about an old friend of mine, S& K& UNK whom I had first met in London in 1914 and who also came out for a week-end in Weston. "Did you ever know a man with greater zest for UNK And his memory, like an UNK stored with precise knowledge of men and things and UNK His wife, Katie, "as gay as a UNK and as lively as a UNK she was then UNK had a "a sense of UNK that has been denied UNK but neither has any aesthetic UNK People and books are enough for them". S&K& was visiting UNK and, not waiting for breakfast, he was off to the University Club, where he spent hours writing UNK of living Americans for the <Manchester UNK or the UNK UNK Later, rising UNK he was beset by publishers for the story of his life and UNK as he put it, but, calling himself the UNK UNK he had spent his time writing short articles and long letters and could not get even a small popular book done. Then, all but blind, he said there was nothing in UNK to UNK UNK ought to have known UNK and "I look at my UNK UNK knowing that I can have nothing more to do with them". However, at UNK he had still been busy writing articles, reviewing and speaking, and I had never before known an UNK who had visited and UNK in three quarters of the United States. Finally, colleges and clubs took the line that speakers from England were not wanted any longer, even speakers like UNK so unlike the UNK and poets who had UNK the Americans for many years. With their UNK generalizations about the United States, these UNK as they often were, had been great successes. While S&K& did not like Dylan Thomas, I liked his poems very much, but I made the mistake of telling Dylan Thomas so, whereupon he said to me, "I suppose you think you know all about me". I should have replied, "I probably know something about the best part of you". But I only thought of that in the middle of the night. Many years later I went to see S&K& in England, where he was living at UNK near UNK and he showed me beside his cottage there the remains of the road on which UNK is supposed to have UNK He was convinced that George UNK UNK was nearly all wrong as it applied to England, which was UNK forward into uncharted UNK with the danger of a new tyranny ahead. "But however we go, whatever our UNK it will not take the UNK UNK With facts mainly in his mind, he was often acute in the matter of style, and he said, "The young who have as yet nothing to say will try UNK with initial letters and broken lines. But put them before a situation which they are forced to UNK he was speaking of the Spanish civil UNK "and they have no UNK they merely do their best to make it real for others". He looked at her as she UNK then got up as she was speaking still, and, simply and UNK walked out. And that was the end. Or UNK He went to the Hotel UNK and UNK UNK Would he meet him in Baltimore in Drawing Room ~A, UNK Three on the train leaving Washington at nine o'clock next UNK They would go to New York together, where parties would be piled on UNK and on misery. But not for long. Both Alfred Harcourt and Donald UNK had written him enthusiastic praise of <Elmer UNK UNK changes could be made in UNK which was already coming from the UNK and they had ordered UNK UNK the largest first printing of any book in history. But none of this could UNK the UNK nerves. On New Year's UNK Alfred Harcourt drove him up the Hudson to Bill Brown's Training UNK a well-known establishment for the speedy if temporary rehabilitation of UNK who could no longer help themselves. But, in UNK Lewis begged Breasted that there be no liquor in the apartment at the UNK on his return, and he took with him the first thirty galleys of <Elmer UNK On January 4, with the boys back at school and college, Mrs& Lewis wrote Harcourt to say that she was UNK quite UNK "This whole Washington venture was my last gesture, and it has failed. UNK as well as mentally I have reached the limit of my endurance. My last gift to him is complete silence until the book is out and the first heated discussion dies down. For him to divorce God and wife simultaneously would be bad publicity. I am really ill at the present moment, and I will go to some sort of a UNK to UNK myself". And she withdrew then to Cromwell Hall, in UNK UNK Harcourt replied: "I do really hope you can achieve serenity in the course of time. Of course I hope Hal can also, but those hopes are much more UNK UNK ON UNK 8, 1927, he returned to the UNK in high spirits, and looking fit. He had been, he wrote UNK at once, "in the UNK a UNK for an experience that had not greatly changed him. Charles Breasted remembers that, before UNK his bag, he telephoned his UNK with a generous order, and almost at once "the familiar procession of people began milling through our living room at any hour between two P&M& and three UNK They were UNK of every kind- university students and UNK Village UNK and UNK taxi drivers and editors and unknown poets, as well as friends like Elinor UNK and William UNK UNK the Van UNK and UNK UNK West and Hugh UNK and UNK UNK Laurence UNK Lewis UNK William UNK Arthur Hopkins, the UNK When he came home from his office at the end of the afternoon, Breasted never knew what gathering he should expect to find, but there almost always was one. He did not neglect his wife in Cromwell Hall, but telephoned her and wrote her with UNK of his continuing interest and of his wish to UNK UNK her in their separation and of his hope that there would be no bitterness between them. She was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad. He was of unsettled mind as to whether he should go abroad when the UNK galleys were finished. For a time, urging Breasted to give up his public relations work and take up writing UNK he hoped to persuade him to become his assistant in research for the labor UNK if Breasted agreed, they would get a car and tour the country, visiting every kind of industrial center. When Breasted insisted that this was impossible for him, Lewis decided to go abroad. He telephoned L& M& Birkhead and asked him and his wife to come to Europe as his guests, but Birkhead declined on the grounds that one of them must be in the United States when <Elmer UNK was published. Lewis was spending his UNK with the help of two UNK on the galleys of that long novel, making considerable UNK and the combination of hard work and hard UNK exhausted him once more, so that he was compelled to spend three days in the Harbor UNK in the last week of UNK Before he made that UNK he telephoned Earl Blackman in Kansas City and asked him to come to Europe with him. Blackman was to be in New York by February 2, because they were sailing at UNK next morning. Lewis told him what clothes he should bring along, and enjoined him not to buy anything that he did not already own, they would do that in New York. Blackman arrived a day or two early, and Lewis took him to a department store immediately and UNK him, luggage and all, and then he took him to a party at the UNK that went on until four in the morning. On the evening that they were to UNK Lewis himself gave a party, but he was too UNK to appear at it. UNK took occasion to warn Blackman about Lewis's drinking and urged him to UNK to keep him UNK After a dinner party for which she had come down to New York, Mrs& Lewis and UNK arrived to see them off, and Elinor UNK made tart observations that indicated that Lewis had been less UNK than he had promised to be about the real nature of their UNK Nevertheless, Mrs& Lewis was still UNK of his UNK let him do as he UNK let him sleep with UNK if he must, but, she begged UNK try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health. As they stood at the first-class UNK waving down to his wife and UNK below, Lewis said, UNK there is UNK future UNK And when questioned by ship's reporters about the UNK she said, "I UNK him, and he UNK me". Blackman had brought news from Kansas City. Before his UNK a group of his friends, the Reverend UNK among them, had given him a UNK and UNK had seen advance sheets of <Elmer UNK He was outraged by the book and announced that he had discovered fifty technical errors in its account of church practices. L& M& Birkhead challenged him to name one and he was silent. But his UNK did not UNK and UNK on March 13, when he preached a sermon on the text, "And UNK Was UNK he told his congregation how disappointed he was in Mr& Lewis, how he regretted having had him in his house, and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book. But that sermon, like those of hundreds of other ministers, was yet to be UNK In London Lewis took the usual suite in UNK Street. To the newspapers he talked about his UNK life, about his wish to be a newspaperman once more, about the prevalence of American UNK in British speech, about the UNK of the English and the UNK of finding quiet in a railway UNK about his plans to wander for two years UNK stopped and made to write another book". The <Manchester UNK wondered how anyone in a railway carriage would have an opportunity to talk to Mr& Lewis, since it was well known that Mr& Lewis always did all of the UNK His English friends, it said, had gone into training to keep up with him UNK and with his UNK movements around the luncheon UNK The New York <Times> UNK wondered just who would stop Mr& Lewis and make him write a book. Lewis's remarks about his marriage were suggestive enough to induce American reporters to invade the offices of UNK UNK + Company for information, to pursue Mrs& Lewis to Cromwell Hall, and, after she had returned to New York, to UNK her out at the UNK on upper Fifth Avenue where she had taken an apartment. There, to the UNK UNK she UNK denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son, which henceforth would be strictly American. These rumors of permanent separation started up a whole crop of stories about her. One had it that a friend, protesting her UNK said, UNK UNK you are an American, aren't you"? and she replied, "I was born in America, UNK I was UNK in UNK Lewis himself UNK these UNK He is said to have reported that once, when she went to a hospital to call on a friend after a serious operation, and the friend protested that it had been UNK she replied, "Well, it was your healthy American peasant blood that pulled you UNK With these and similar tales he was entertaining his English friends, all of whom he was seeing when he was not showing Blackman the sights of London and its UNK At once upon his UNK he telephoned Lady UNK UNK who invited them to UNK and then Lewis decided to give a party as a quick way of rounding up his friends. He invited Lady UNK Lord UNK UNK Roberts, and a half dozen others. It was a dinner party, Lewis had been drinking during the afternoon, and long before the party really got under way, he was quite drunk, with the result that the party broke up even before dinner was over. Lewis, at the head of the table, would leap up and move around behind the chairs of his guests making remarks that, when not highly UNK were at least highly UNK and then presently he collapsed and was put to bed. When Blackman emerged from the bedroom, everyone was gone except the tolerant Lord UNK who stayed and UNK with him for half an hour, and then Blackman lay awake most of that night, UNK of what he must expect on the UNK Finally, at UNK he fell asleep, and when he UNK and came into the living room, he found Lewis in his UNK before the fire, UNK a UNK Blackman said that he wanted to UNK for not having prevented Lewis from making that horrible spectacle of himself, that he should have seized him by the neck at once and forcibly hauled him into his bedroom. Lewis warned him never to lay a hand on him, and then Blackman asked for his fare back to the United States. Lewis looked at him and began to cry, and then, saying that he was going to make a UNK he asked Blackman to call the porter and to tell him to take out all the liquor that he did not want. "And from now on, for the rest of this trip, I will only drink what you agree that I should UNK Blackman called the porter and had him remove everything but one bottle of UNK and after that they would have a cocktail or two before dinner, or, on one of their walking trips, beer, or, in France and Italy, wine in UNK Lewis gave him a UNK tour of London and, UNK and UNK took him to UNK but the London stay was for only ten days, and on the twentieth they took the train for UNK where they spent the night for an early morning UNK UNK Near UNK in a considerable UNK lived Homer UNK a well-known pulp writer, and his brother, UNK both friends of UNK He suggested that they call on these brothers, who received them UNK Then they returned to their hotel and got ready for bed. It was late, and Blackman was ready to go to sleep, but Lewis was not. He said, "We had a good time tonight, didn't we, UNK Earl agreed, and Lewis said that it would have been very different if his wife had been with him. Then he kept Blackman awake for more than an hour while he did an imaginary dialogue between his wife and himself in which, discussing the evening, he was continually UNK He began the dialogue by having his wife announce that one does not invade people's homes without warning them that one is coming, and went on from that with the entire catalogue of his social UNK From UNK on, if the lists exist, they contain between twenty to thirty names. As the total number of UNK bachelors in UNK was, according to UNK UNK UNK and UNK two hundred UNK the twenty-four names listed in the UNK UNK for that year constitute slightly less than one tenth of the total number of bachelors who then UNK There were four from St& John's and four from UNK three from UNK and two from each of the colleges, Jesus, UNK UNK and UNK with UNK UNK UNK UNK and Sidney supplying one each in the UNK UNK The list was headed by UNK UNK of St& John's who was matriculated from St& John's at UNK 1625. He became a fellow of Jesus in UNK proceeded M&A& from Jesus in UNK and was UNK in UNK The second name was UNK UNK matriculated from UNK College at UNK 1625. He proceeded M&A& in UNK and UNK in UNK being made fellow in UNK He was ordained UNK 16 June and priest 22 December UNK The third name was [John] UNK who was admitted to the UNK Temple in November UNK The fourth name was [John] Milton of Christ's College, followed by UNK UNK of UNK who matriculated 16 October UNK UNK gave his UNK as UNK a mistake for UNK UNK also proceeded M&A& in UNK and became a fellow of his college in that year. [John] UNK of Christ's was twelfth in the list, coming from UNK School under Mr& UNK as UNK 20 April UNK under Mr& UNK The UNK name was UNK UNK written UNK admitted to Christ's College under Scott 2 July 1625. The fifteenth name was UNK UNK admitted to Christ's 4 March UNK under UNK Christ's College was well represented that year in the UNK and the name highest on the list from that college was UNK fourth in the entire university. Small wonder that Milton later boasted of how well his work had been received there, since he attained a rank in the order of commencing bachelors higher than that of any other UNK from Christ's of that year. It is not possible to reconstruct fully the arrangements whereby these honors lists were then made up or even how the names that they contained assumed the order in which we find them. The process usually began with a tutor boasting about a boy, as UNK had boasted about UNK to the higher officers of the college and university. Then the various officers of the college might take up the case. It would, however, reach the UNK and other officers in charge of the UNK performances of the UNK UNK and the place that any individual obtained in the lists depended greatly on how he UNK himself in the public schools during his acts UNK as he was UNK Of course the higher officials could add or place a name on the list wherever they wished. Milton's name being fourth is neither too high nor too low to be assigned to the arbitrary action of UNK UNK master, or other mighty hand. He evidently earned the place assigned him. UNK OF UNK UNK UNK Looking back from the spring of UNK over the four years of Milton's undergraduate days, certain phases of his college career stand out as of permanent consequence to him and hence to us. Of course the principal factor in the whole experience was the kind of education he received. It differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any American college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates. Milton was required to absorb and display an intensive and accurate knowledge of Latin UNK UNK ethics, physics or natural philosophy, metaphysics, and Latin, UNK and UNK He had also sampled various special fields of learning, being unable to miss some study of UNK Justinian UNK and UNK UNK Above all, he had learned to write formal Latin prose and verse to a remarkable degree of UNK He had learned to dispute UNK both formally and informally in Latin, and according to the rules on any UNK pro or UNK drawn from almost any subject, more especially from Aristotle's works. He could produce carefully constructed UNK set and formal speeches, UNK and UNK made by writing and UNK with all the aid his tutor and others could provide, and then delivered UNK from memory. He had also learned to dispute UNK remarkably well, the main evidence for which of course is the presence of his name in the honors list of UNK He also displayed the ability to write Latin verse on almost any topic of dispute, the UNK of course, to be delivered from memory. Then we have surviving at least one instance of a poem prepared for another in UNK UNK UNK UNK and perhaps also the <De UNK UNK But his greatest achievement, in his own eyes and in the eyes of his colleagues and teachers, was his amazing ability to produce literary Latin pieces, and he was often called on to do so. These were his public academic activities, UNK UNK in the college and in the university. And his performances attracted much attention, as the frequency of his surviving pieces in any calendar that may be set up for his undergraduate activities UNK His other activities are not so easily UNK His statements about sports and exercises of a physical nature are UNK but UNK His later UNK of his skill with the small sword are indicative of much time and practice devoted to the use of that weapon. UNK and others have dealt with sports and UNK at Cambridge in Milton's day with not very specific results. Milton himself, UNK as he is about his lesser and UNK activities, at least gives us some evidence that he was a great UNK under any and all conditions. His early poems and some of his prose prolusions speak of UNK in the city and the neighboring country that may be extended to Cambridge and its surrounding UNK The town itself and the UNK UNK he often UNK as did all in the university. The churches, the UNK and the various other places of the town must have known his figure well as he UNK to and about them. The tiny hamlet of UNK to the north, with the UNK and marshes lying on down the UNK River, may have attracted him often, as it did many other youths of the time. The UNK UNK Hills to the southeast afforded him and all other students a vantage point from which to view the town and university of their dwelling. The country about Cambridge is flat and not particularly spectacular in its scenery, though it offers easy going to the foot UNK Ball games, especially UNK required some attention, and other organized sports may have attracted him as UNK or UNK He UNK as did UNK and UNK the various UNK UNK of that day, although his UNK while at Cambridge and after that he was no UNK point to reasonable UNK from the wild drinking UNK of some of the undergraduates and, we must add, of some of their elders including many of the UNK or teachers. What manner of person does Milton appear to have been when as an undergraduate he UNK at Christ's UNK He was then a slightly built young man of pleasing appearance, medium stature, and handsome face. UNK as his UNK and dancing lessons had taught him to be in addition to the natural grace of his slight, UNK frame, he cut enough of a figure to have evoked a nickname in the college, to which he himself referred in UNK UNK A UNK UNK UNK UNK That is, if we can trust that most UNK of UNK packed as it is with wit and UNK The UNK sounds real enough, if we could only trust the conditions under which we learn of its UNK but anyone who would put much trust in any phase of UNK UNK except its UNK UNK deserves whatever fate may be UNK out to him by virtue of the UNK UNK UNK In short, the traditional UNK for Milton of UNK of UNK while eminently UNK rests only on this baffling passage in the midst of the most treacherous piece of writing Milton left us. UNK mention of it UNK and UNK UNK UNK 8, UNK UNK comes from this UNK through Christopher Milton or Edward UNK It is not a question of truth or UNK the UNK in which the UNK statement about the UNK occurs is such a mass of intentionally buried allusions that almost nothing in it can be accepted as UNK or discarded as false. The entire exercise, Latin and English, is most suggestive of the kind of person Milton had become at Christ's during his undergraduate UNK the mere fact that he was selected, though as a UNK to act as UNK or UNK for it, or perhaps we should say with Buck as UNK of the UNK is in itself a difficult phase of his development to UNK Milton was to act as the UNK the supreme wit, the lightly UNK UNK UNK UNK who could at once trip lightly over that which deserved such treatment, or could at will UNK the common enemies of the college UNK and with words alone. From an exercise involving merely UNK UNK comedy, in his hands the performance turned into a revel of wit and word play, indecent at times, but always learned, UNK and carefully aimed at some individuals present, and at the whole UNK To do this successfully required great skill and a special talent for both solemn and UNK UNK a talent not bestowed on many persons, but one with which Milton was marked as being endowed and in which, at least in this performance, he obviously UNK It may be thought unfortunate that he was called on entirely by accident to UNK if again we may trust the opening of the UNK for it marks the beginning for us of his use of his peculiar form of witty word play that even in this Latin UNK has in it the unmistakable element of UNK and an almost UNK delight in verbally UNK an UNK But the real beginnings of this development in him go back to the opposing of grammar school, and probably if it had not been this occasion and these Latin lines it would have been some others, such as the first UNK that set off this streak in him of UNK and UNK verbal attack on an enemy. All western Europe would hear and listen to him in this same vein about the middle of the century. But these prolusions that we have surviving from the Christ's College days are only one phase of his existence then. Perhaps his most important private activity was the combination of reading, discussion with a UNK if we can trust his writings to UNK and the younger UNK very UNK congenial UNK Lines UNK of UNK later point to a friendship with Edward King, who entered Christ's College 9 June UNK No other names among the young men in residence at the time seem to have been even suggested by Milton as those of persons with whom he in any way UNK But that scarcely means that he was the UNK UNK type of student who shared few if any activities with his UNK the UNK of the surviving prolusions providing enough evidence to deny this. Apparently he was not a UNK in the college or university UNK which he once attacked as utterly unworthy performances (see UNK UNK but even in that famous passage, Milton was aiming not at the UNK as such but at their performance by UNK either UNK or presently to enter into the UNK The fact that he nowhere mentioned theatrical performances as part of the activities of the boys later in his hypothetical academy UNK should not be taken too seriously as evidence that he desired them to UNK such performances. UNK in that short piece or letter written to UNK in which he sketched his scheme for educating young men, he merely overlooked that phase of their exercises. Writers of this class of science fiction have clearly in mind the assumptions that man can master the principles of this UNK universe and that such mastery will necessarily better the human lot. On the other hand, the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal UNK science fiction, of course, is related, if sometimes UNK to that utopian literature optimistic about science, literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced Edward UNK UNK UNK and H& G& Wells's <A Modern UNK In Arthur UNK <Childhood's End> (1953), though written after the present flood of dystopias began, we can see the bright vision of science fiction clearly defined. <Childhood's UNK apparently indebted to UNK UNK utopian romance, UNK UNK UNK UNK and also to Wells's histories of the future, especially <The World Set UNK UNK and <The UNK of Things to UNK UNK describes the UNK conquest of earth by the UNK vastly superior creatures who come to our world in order to prepare the human race for its next stage of development, an eventual merging with the composite mind of the universe. Arriving just in time to stop men from turning their planet into a radioactive UNK the UNK unite earth into one world in which justice, order, and benevolence prevail and UNK poverty, and fear have ceased to exist. Under their rule, earth becomes a technological UNK Both abolition of war and new techniques of production, particularly UNK factories, greatly increase the world's UNK a situation described in the following passage, which has the true utopian UNK "Everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free, provided as a public service by the community, as roads, water, street lighting and drainage had once been. A man could travel anywhere he UNK eat whatever he UNK without handing over any money". With destructive tensions and pressures removed men have the vigor and energy to construct a new human life- rebuilding entire cities, expanding facilities for entertainment, providing unlimited opportunities for UNK indeed, for the first time giving everyone the chance to employ his talents to the UNK UNK as a result, UNK previously UNK of levels of civilization and culture, a golden age which the UNK a very evident symbol of science, have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities. Thus science is the UNK of mankind, and in this respect <Childhood's End> only UNK in greater detail the vision of the future which, though not always so directly stated, has nevertheless been present in the minds of most science-fiction writers. Considering then the optimism which has permeated science fiction for so long, what is really remarkable is that during the last twelve years many science-fiction writers have turned about and attacked their own cherished vision of the future, have attacked the <Childhood's End> kind of faith that science and technology will inevitably better the human condition. And they have done this on a very large scale, with a veritable flood of novels and stories which are either dystopias or narratives of adventure with dystopian elements. Because of the means of UNK science-fiction magazines and cheap UNK and because dystopian science fiction is still appearing in quantity the full range and extent of this phenomenon can hardly be known, though one fact is UNK the science-fiction imagination has been immensely fertile in its UNK Among the dystopias, for example, Isaac UNK <The UNK of UNK (1954) portrays the deadly effects on human life of the UNK of the UNK James UNK <A Case of UNK (1958) describes a world UNK from its own weapons of destruction in underground UNK Ray UNK UNK UNK (1954) presents a UNK society in which wall television and UNK radios UNK men's UNK Walter M& Miller, UNK <A UNK for UNK (1959) finds men, after the great atomic disaster, stumbling back to their previous level of civilization and another UNK Frederick Pohl's "The UNK UNK (1954) predicts an economy of abundance which, in order to remain UNK must set its UNK to consuming surplus UNK Clifford D& UNK UNK (1954) tells of a future when UNK have taken over, leaving men nothing to do; and Robert UNK <The UNK UNK UNK describes a world which, frightened by the powers of destruction science has given it, becomes static and UNK A more complete list would also include UNK "The UNK UNK Philip K& UNK UNK UNK (1955), David UNK UNK (1953), Wilson UNK <The Long UNK UNK (1952), Jack UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK Gore UNK UNK UNK and Bernard UNK UNK (1952), as well as the three perhaps most outstanding dystopias, UNK Pohl and C& M& Kornbluth's <The Space UNK (1953), UNK UNK UNK UNK (1952), and John UNK UNK (1953), works which we will later examine in detail. The novels and stories like Pohl's UNK UNK UNK with the focus on adventure and with the dystopian elements only a dim UNK in this case an uneasy, UNK world in which the mass of people do UNK routine jobs while a carefully selected, UNK elite runs everything- are in all likelihood as numerous as UNK There is, of course, nothing new about dystopias, for they belong to a literary tradition which, including also the closely related UNK UNK stretches from at least as far back as the eighteenth century and UNK UNK UNK to the twentieth century and UNK UNK UNK UNK with the UNK UNK UNK New World,> E& M& UNK "The UNK UNK C& S& Lewis's UNK UNK UNK and UNK <Nineteen UNK and which in science fiction is represented before the present deluge as early as Wells's UNK <The Time UNK "A Story of the Days to UNK and UNK the UNK UNK and as recently as Jack UNK "With UNK UNK UNK the classic story of men replaced by their own UNK What makes the current phenomenon unique is that so many science-fiction writers have reversed a trend and turned to writing works critical of the impact of science and technology on human life. Since the great flood of these dystopias has appeared only in the last twelve years, it seems fairly reasonable to assume that the chief impetus was the 1949 publication of <Nineteen UNK an assumption which is supported by the frequent echoes of such details as Room UNK along with education by conditioning from UNK New World,> a book to which science-fiction writers may well have returned with new interest after reading the more powerful UNK UNK Not all recent science fiction, however, is UNK for the optimistic strain is still very much alive in UNK of UNK and <Childhood's UNK as we have seen, as well as in many other recent popular novels and stories like Fred UNK <The Black UNK UNK and among works of dystopian science fiction, not all provide intelligent criticism and very few have much merit as UNK but then real quality has always been scarce in science fiction. In addition, there are many areas of the human situation besides the impact of science and technology which are examined, for science-fiction dystopias often UNK political, social, economic tendencies only indirectly related to science and technology. Nevertheless, with all these qualifications and exceptions, the current dystopian phenomenon remains impressive for its criticism that science and technology, instead of bringing UNK may well UNK UNK and even destroy men. How effectively these warnings can be presented is seen in Pohl and Kornbluth's <The Space Merchants,> UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK UNK the best known of these three novels is <The Space Merchants,> a good example of a science-fiction UNK which UNK much more than the impact of science on human life, though its most important warning is in this area, namely as to the use to which discoveries in the behavioral sciences may be put. The novel, which is not merely dystopian but also brilliantly UNK describes a future America where UNK of the population, the men who run advertising agencies and big corporations, control the rest of the people, the submerged UNK who are the workers and UNK with the government being no more than "a clearing house for UNK Like ours, the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive, and, like ours, it is based on the principle of UNK increasing UNK work and profits in the circle of UNK The UNK of course, have been UNK reckless expansion has led to UNK pollution of the earth and depletion of its natural resources. For example, even the most successful executive lives in a UNK apartment while ordinary people rent space in the UNK of office buildings in which to sleep at UNK UNK have replaced meat, and wood has become so precious that it is saved for expensive UNK and the atmosphere is so UNK that no one dares walk in the open without UNK or UNK UNK While <The Space UNK indicates, as UNK UNK has correctly observed, some of the UNK consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial UNK and UNK UNK habits in the advertising UNK its warning and analysis penetrate much UNK What is wrong with advertising is not only that it is an UNK an assault on people's mental UNK or that it is a major cause for a wasteful economy of abundance or that it contains a UNK tendency (which is closer to the UNK Rather what UNK and Pohl are really doing is warning against the dangers inherent in perfecting "a science of man and his UNK <The Space Merchants,> like such humanist documents as Joseph Wood Krutch's <The Measure of UNK and C& S& Lewis's <The UNK of UNK considers what may result from the scientific study of human nature. If man is actually the product of his environment and if science can discover the laws of human nature and the ways in which environment determines what people do, then UNK a someone probably standing outside traditional systems of values- can turn around and develop completely efficient means for controlling people. Thus we will have a society consisting of the planners or UNK and the UNK And this, of course, is exactly what Madison Avenue has been accused of doing UNK in a primitive way, with its UNK UNK and what the space merchants accomplish with much greater sophistication and precision. Pohl and Kornbluth's ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with UNK basic UNK and neurosis in American life", which work on the UNK of UNK which are linked to the "great prime motivations of the human UNK As the hero, Mitchell UNK explains before his conversion, the job of advertising is "to convince people without letting them know that they're being UNK And to do this requires first of all the kind of information about people which is provided by the scientists in industrial anthropology and consumer research, who, for example, tell Courtenay that three days is the UNK UNK period for a closed social circuit to be triggered with a UNK UNK which means that an effective propaganda technique is to send an idea into circulation and then three days later reinforce or undermine it. And the second requirement for convincing people without their knowledge is artistic talent to prepare the words and pictures which persuade by using the principles which the scientists have discovered. Thus the UNK in the world of the space merchants is the person who in earlier ages might have been a lyric poet, the person UNK of putting together words that stir and move and UNK As Courtenay UNK "Here in this profession we reach into the souls of men and women. And we do it by taking talent- and UNK it". Now the basic question to be asked in this situation is what motivates the UNK that is, what are their UNK since, as Courtenay says, "Nobody should play with lives the way we do unless he's motivated by the highest UNK But the only ideal he can think of is UNK Indeed, again and again, the space merchants confirm the prediction of the UNK that the conditioners and behavioral scientists, once they have seen through human nature, will have nothing except their impulses and desires to guide them. ## We often say of a person that he UNK young for his age" or UNK for his age". Yet even in the more extreme of such cases we seldom go very far astray in guessing what his age actually is. And this means, I suppose, that almost invariably age reveals itself by easily recognizable signs engraved on both the body and the mind. UNK for his age" means only the presence of some minor characteristic not quite usual. UNK quite sufficient for diagnosis are nevertheless there. An assumption of youth, or the presence of a few youthful UNK UNK no more successfully than UNK or UNK hair. UNK young for your age" means "for your age" and it means no more. A mind expressing itself in words may reveal itself a little less obviously as old or young. Its surface loses its bloom and submits to its wrinkles in ways less immediately obvious than the body does. Youth may be, and often is, UNK cynical or UNK age may be UNK believing and much given to professions of UNK But there is, nevertheless, always a subtle difference in the way in which supposedly similar opinions are held. The pessimism of the young is UNK anxious to confess or even exaggerate its UNK gloom, and so exuberant as to reveal the fact that it regards its ability to face up to the awful truth as more than enough to compensate for the UNK of that truth. Similarly the optimism of age protests too much. If it UNK that the best is yet to be, it always UNK at least in the young, either a suspicious question or perhaps the UNK of the Negro youth who saw on a UNK the inscription, "I am not dead but UNK UNK you ain't UNK nobody but UNK We may say of some UNK that they were never young. We cannot truthfully say of anyone who has succeeded in entering deep into his sixties that he was never old. Those famous lines of the Greek UNK with which a fading beauty UNK her mirror at the shrine of a UNK reveal a wise UNK UNK take my UNK glass, Since I am not what I was, What from this day I shall be, Venus, let me never see". No good can come of contemplating the sad, inevitable fact that once youth has passed "a worse and worse time still succeeds the UNK But there are at least two reasons for contemplating one's UNK in even a cracked mirror. One is that there sometimes are real although inadequate UNK in growing old. UNK if one is fortunate enough to achieve it, is not so good as UNK but it is something. Even to be UNK hope and fear set UNK is at least better than to have lost the first without having got rid of the second. The other reason (and the one with which I am here UNK is that one thus becomes inclined to inquire of any opinion, or change of opinion, whether it represents the wisdom of experience or is only the result of the difference between youth and age which is as inevitable as the all too obvious physical differences. One may be UNK aware that if the answer is favorable it will be judged such only by those of one's own age. But at least the question has been raised. Many readers of this department no doubt discount certain of my opinions for the simple reason that they can guess pretty accurately, even if they have never actually been told, what my age is. At least I should like them to know that I know these discounts are being made. ## Let me then (and in UNK glance into the mirror. I have known some men and women who said that the UNK they are told about or even remember seem utter strangers to them now; that their remote past is as discontinuous with their present UNK as lacking in any conscious UNK to their mature personality, as the self of a UNK may be imagined discontinuous with that of the UNK it once was. For my part I find it difficult to conceive such a state of affairs. I have changed and I have reversed UNK but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the UNK or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from UNK to UNK and UNK to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged. So far as I am concerned, the child is unmistakably father to the man, despite the obvious fact that child and father differ UNK sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse. Fundamental values, temperament and the way in which one approaches a conviction change less, of course, than specific opinions. That fact is very clearly illustrated in the case of the many present-day intellectuals who were Communists or UNK in their youth and are now so extremely conservative (or UNK as many would UNK that they can define no important political conviction that does not seem so far from even a UNK position as to make the distinction between Mr& Nixon and Mr& Khrushchev for them hardly worth UNK But in ways more fundamental than specific political opinions they are still what they always were: UNK sure without a shadow of doubt of whatever it is that they are sure of, capable of seeing black and white only and, therefore, committed to the logical extreme of whatever it is they are temporarily committed to. To those of my readers who find many of my opinions UNK or UNK or UNK antiquated (and I have reason to know that there are some UNK I would like to say what I have already UNK namely, that some of my opinions may indeed be subject to some discount on the simple ground that I am no longer young and therefore incapable of being youthful of mind. But I will also remind them that I have always been inclined to UNK to a kind of UNK lack of commitment so far as public affairs are UNK so that, although not as eager as I once was to be disapproved of, I can still resist prevailing opinions. At about the age of twelve I became a UNK liberal, and I have always considered myself a liberal of some kind even though the definition has changed repeatedly since UNK became a UNK Several times in my youth I voted the Socialist UNK but less because I was Socialist than because I was not either a Republican or a Democrat, and I voted for Franklin Roosevelt every time he was a candidate. Yet during the years when I was on the staff of the UNK I tried to the limit the patience of the editors on almost every occasion when I was permitted to write an editorial having a bearing on a political or social question. Never once during the trying thirties did I come so close to UNK to the private climate of opinion as to grant Russian communism even that most UNK of UNK "an interesting UNK There are few things of which I am UNK than of that UNK record. Many of my friends at the time thought that I had received a UNK condemnation when Lincoln UNK denounced me in a review of one of my books as a perfect example of the obsolete man who could understand and sympathize only with the dead past. But he, as I can now UNK was the man who could see so short a distance ahead that after a visit to Russia he gave voice to the famous UNK "I have seen the future and it UNK The favorite excuse of those who have now UNK their approval of communism is that they did not know how things would develop. With this excuse I have never been much UNK There was, it seems to me, enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of Russian leaders to UNK honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out. Once many years ago I sat at dinner next to Arthur UNK and the subject of the UNK came up. He asked me suddenly, "What are UNK political UNK UNK I replied, UNK of my colleagues on the paper regard me as a rank UNK After a moment's thought he replied, "That still leaves you a lot of UNK And I suppose it did. I never have been, and am not now, any kind of UNK When I first came across Samuel Johnson's UNK "the remedy for the ills of life is UNK rather than UNK it seemed to me to sum up the UNK of political and social UNK It will probably explain more of my attitudes toward society than any other phrase or principle could. ## Why did I choose to fill these pages in this particular issue with this mixture of rather tenuous reflections and UNK The reason is, I think, my awareness that my remarks last quarter on UNK may well have served to confirm the opinion of some that my tendency to UNK and UNK gets us UNK and that I am simply too old to hope. I would, however, like to suggest that, wrong though I may be, the tendency to see UNK rather than solutions is one of which I have been a victim ever since I can remember, and therefore not merely a UNK phenomenon. I know that one must act. But one need not always be sure that the action is either wise or UNK UNK of what some would call UNK I remember an anecdote the source of which I UNK It concerns a small-town minister who staged an impressive object lesson by UNK a lion and a lamb together in the same cage outside his church door. Not only his UNK but the whole town and, UNK the whole county were enormously impressed by this object lesson. One day he was visited by a delegation of would-be UNK who wanted to know his secret. "How on earth do you manage it? What is the UNK UNK he replied, "it is perfectly simple; there is no trick involved. All you have to do is put in a fresh lamb from time to time". UNK UNK Not UNK it seems to me. The promise that the lion and the lamb will lie down together was given in the future UNK It is not something that can be expected to happen now. ## Without really changing the general subject, I take this opportunity to confess that I am troubled by doubts, not only about UNK but also when asked to join in the protest against a law that most of those who consider themselves humane and liberal seem to regard as obviously UNK namely, the law that UNK the death penalty for murder when there seem to be no UNK circumstances. It is not that I am unaware of the force of their strongest UNK UNK they say, should be regarded as sacred and, therefore, as something that neither an individual nor his society has a right to take away. In fact I cannot imagine myself condemning a man to the noose or the electric chair if I had to UNK as an individual, the responsibility for his death. Just as I know I would make a bad soldier even though I cannot sincerely call myself a UNK so too I would not be either a UNK by profession or, if I could avoid it, even a member of a hanging jury. Despite these facts the question UNK no UNK ever be UNK seems to me to create a dilemma not to be satisfactorily disposed of by a simple negative answer. UNK of the UNK so liberals are inclined to say, can have only three possible UNK UNK UNK or deterrent example. For here if anywhere in contemporary literature is a major effort to UNK UNK and restore some of its former UNK to the UNK image of the species Man, or, as Malraux himself puts it, "to make men conscious of the grandeur they ignore in UNK UNK Andre Malraux's <The Walnut Trees of Altenburg> was written in the early years of the second World War, during a period of enforced leisure when he was taken prisoner by the Germans after the fall of France. The UNK presumably after being smuggled out of the country, was published in Switzerland in UNK The work as it stands is not the entire book that Malraux wrote at that time- it is only the first section of a three-part novel called <La UNK UNK UNK and this first section was somehow preserved UNK are always these annoying little mysteries about the actual facts of Malraux's UNK when the UNK destroyed the rest. If we are to believe the list of titles printed in Malraux's latest book, <La UNK des UNK UNK /1, UNK he is still engaged in writing a large novel under his original title. But as he remarks in his UNK to <The Walnut UNK "a novel can hardly ever be UNK and "when this one appears in its final form, the form of the first part **h will no doubt be radically UNK Malraux UNK perhaps with a trifle too self-conscious a UNK that his fragmentary work will accordingly UNK only to the curiosity of UNK and "to UNK of what might have UNK Even in its present form, however, the first part of Malraux's UNK novel is among the greatest works of mid-twentieth century UNK and it should be far better known than it is. The theme of <The Walnut Trees of Altenburg> is most closely related to its immediate predecessor in Malraux's array of UNK <Man's UNK UNK This magnificent but greatly UNK book, which bodies forth the very form and pressure of its time as no other comparable UNK has suffered severely from having been written about an historical UNK the Spanish Civil UNK that is still capable of fanning the UNK fires of old political UNK Even so apparently impartial a critic as W& H& UNK has taken for granted that the book was originally intended as a piece of UNK UNK and has then gone on to argue, with UNK consistency, that all the obviously UNK aspects of the book are simply UNK UNK UNK however, could be farther from the truth. The whole purpose of <Man's UNK is to portray the tragic dialectic between means and ends inherent in all organized political UNK and even when such violence is a necessary and legitimate UNK of liberty, justice and human dignity. Nowhere before in Malraux's pages have we met such impassioned defenders of a UNK of UNK which transcends the realm of politics and even the realm of action UNK both the action of Malraux's early UNK like UNK and UNK and the UNK action of dedicated Communists like UNK UNK and UNK in <Man's UNK UNK UNK only a small part of himself in an UNK says old UNK the UNK "and the more the action claims to be UNK the smaller is the part of man UNK These lines never cease to haunt the book amidst all the UNK of combat, and to make an appeal for a larger and more elemental human community than one based on the brutal necessities of war. It is this larger theme of the UNK of man", a quality that transcends the ideological and flows into "the UNK which now forms the UNK heart of Malraux's artistic universe. Malraux, to be sure, does not abandon the world of violence, combat and sudden death which has become his UNK as a creative artist, and which is the only world, apparently, in which his imagination can flame into life. <The Walnut Trees of Altenburg> includes not one war but two, and throws in a Turkish revolution along with some guerrilla fighting in the desert for good measure. But while war still serves as a UNK for the values that Malraux wishes to UNK these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any UNK whether that of an individual assertion of the UNK or a collective attempt to escape from the UNK of UNK as their necessary condition. On the contrary, the frenzy and furor of combat is only the UNK foil against which the sudden UNK of the human flash forth with the UNK UNK of a UNK UNK <The Walnut Trees of Altenburg> is composed in the form of a UNK with the two small side panels framing and UNK the main central episode of the novel. This central episode consists of a series of staccato scenes set in the period from the beginning of the present century up to the first World War. The framing UNK on the other hand, both take place in the late Spring of 1940, just at the moment of the defeat of France in the second great world conflict. The narrator is an UNK serving with the French Army, and he has the same name UNK that Malraux himself was later to use in the UNK like Malraux he was also serving in the tank corps before being captured, and we learn as well that in civilian life he had been a writer. These biographical analogies are obvious, and far too much time has been spent speculating on their possible implications. Much more important is to grasp the feelings of the narrator (whose full name is never UNK as he becomes aware of the disorganized and UNK mass of French prisoners clustered together in a temporary prison camp in and around the UNK of UNK For as his companions gradually dissolve back into a state of primitive confrontation with elemental necessity, as they lose all the UNK of their acquired culture, he is overcome by the feeling that he is at last being confronted with the essence of mankind. "As a writer, by what have I been obsessed these last ten years, if not by UNK Here I am face to face with the primeval UNK The intuition about mankind conveyed in these opening pages is of crucial importance for understanding the remainder of the UNK and we must attend to it more closely than has usually been done. What does the narrator see and what does he UNK A good many pages of the first section are taken up with an account of the UNK determination of the prisoners to write to their wives and UNK even when it becomes clear that the Germans are simply allowing the letters to blow away in the wind. UNK and UNK in UNK UNK UNK the soldiers continue to bridge the distance between themselves and those they UNK they instinctively struggle to keep open a road to the future in their hearts. And by a skillful and unobtrusive use of imagery (the enclosure is called a UNK UNK the hastily erected UNK is a UNK UNK the men begin to look like UNK UNK and to acquire UNK UNK Malraux projects a fresco of human UNK which is also the endurance of the human- stretching backward into the dark abyss of time. The narrator feels himself catching a glimpse of UNK learning of man's UNK familiarity with UNK as well as his UNK age-old UNK his secret faith in endurance, however UNK with UNK the same faith perhaps as the UNK used to have in the face of UNK This new vision of man that the narrator UNK is also accompanied by a UNK of his previous view. "I thought I knew more than my education had taught UNK notes the narrator, "because I had encountered the militant mobs of a political or religious faith". Is this not Malraux himself UNK to his own earlier infatuation with the UNK But now he knows "that an intellectual is not only a man to whom books are necessary, he is any man whose UNK however elementary it may be, affects and directs his life". From this point of view the UNK UNK of the past, stirred into action by one ideology or another, were all composed of UNK and this is not the level on which the essence of mankind can be discovered. The men around him, observes the narrator, UNK been living from day to day for thousands of years". The human is deeper than a mass ideology, certainly deeper than the isolated UNK and the narrator recalls the words of his father, Vincent UNK "It is not by any amount of scratching at the individual that one finally comes down to UNK The entire middle section of <The Walnut UNK is taken up with the life of Vincent Berger himself, whose fragmentary notes on his UNK with UNK are now conveyed by his son. "He was not much older than UNK writes the narrator, "when he began to feel the impact of that human mystery which now UNK me, and which makes me begin, perhaps, to understand him". For the figure of Vincent Berger Malraux has obviously drawn on his studies of T& E& Lawrence (though Berger fights on the side of the Turks instead of against UNK and like both Lawrence and Malraux himself he is a fervent UNK of UNK A professor at the University of UNK where his first course of lectures was on UNK and the UNK of UNK Vincent Berger becomes head of the propaganda department of the German Embassy in UNK As an UNK before the first World War he was of course of German UNK but he quickly involves himself in the Young Turk revolutionary movement to such an extent that his own country begins to doubt his UNK And, after becoming the UNK man of Enver UNK he is sent by the latter to UNK the way for a new Turkish Empire embracing "the union of all Turks throughout Central Asia from UNK to the Chinese UNK on the UNK Trade UNK Vincent Berger's mission is a failure because the Ottoman nationalism on which Enver UNK counted does not exist. Central Asia is UNK in a UNK from which nothing can UNK it; and amid a dusty UNK in which nothing human any longer seemed to survive, Vincent Berger begins to dream of the UNK "Oh for the green of UNK UNK UNK in the night, the UNK and UNK of UNK **h". Finally, after almost being beaten to death by a UNK he could not fight back because madmen are sacred to UNK he throws up his mission and returns to Europe. This has been his first encounter with mankind, and, although he has now become a legendary figure in the popular European press, it leaves him profoundly UNK Despite Berger's report, Enver UNK refuses to surrender his dream of a Turkish Blood UNK and Vincent Berger learns that political ambition is more apt to hide than to reveal the truth about men. But as he UNK UNK on returning among intellectuals obsessed by UNK UNK du UNK his experience of action had also taught him a more positive lesson. "For six years my father had had to do too much commanding and UNK writes the narrator, "not to understand that man begins with 'the UNK And when Vincent Berger returns to Europe, this first result of his encounters with mankind is considerably UNK and UNK by a crucial UNK For a UNK sense of illumination occurs in consequence of two events which, as so often in Malraux, suddenly confront a character with the existential question of the nature and value of human life. One such event is the landing in Europe itself, when the mingled familiarity and UNK of the UNK after the blank UNK of Asia, shocks the returning traveller into a realization of the infinite UNK of human life. In a pessimistic assessment of the cold war, Eden declared: "There must be much closer unity within the West before there can be effective UNK with the UNK Ordinary methods of diplomacy within the free world are inadequate, said the former Prime UNK UNK much more thorough is UNK UNK the experience of the UNK Chiefs of Staff in World War /2,, Eden said that all would have been confusion and UNK without them. UNK he said, "is exactly what has been happening between the politically free nations in the postwar world. We need joint UNK of a political general UNK UNK the advances of Communist power in recent years, Sir Anthony UNK "This very grave state of affairs will continue until the free nations accept together the reality of the danger that confronts them and unite their policies and resources to meet it". While I fully agree with Sir UNK UNK I think that we must carry the analysis farther, bearing in mind that while common UNK may be the measure of our UNK the existence or absence of a positive sense of community must be the measure of our UNK While it is hazardous to project the trend of history, it seems clear that a genuine community is painfully emerging in the Western world, particularly among the countries of Western Europe. At the end of World War /2,, free Europe was ready for a new beginning. The excesses of nationalism had brought down upon Europe a generation of tyranny and war, and a return to the old order of things seemed UNK Under these conditions a new generation of Europeans began to discover the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist UNK A slow and painful trend toward unification has taken hold, a trend which may at any time be arrested and reversed but which may also lead to a binding UNK of Europe. It may well be that the unification of Europe will prove inadequate, that the survival of free society will require nothing less than the UNK of the entire Western world. The movement toward European unity has been expressed in two UNK UNK and UNK one looking to the constitution of a United States of Europe, the other building on wartime UNK of practical UNK for the solution of specific problems. Thus far the advances made have been almost entirely along functional lines. Many factors contributed to the growth of the European movement. In 1946 Sir Winston Churchill, who had spoken often of European union during the war, advocated the formation of "a kind of United States of UNK Had Churchill been returned to office in 1945, it is just possible that Britain, instead of standing UNK UNK would have UNK Europe toward union. In 1947 and 1948 the necessity of massive UNK efforts to achieve economic recovery led to the formation of the Organization for European Economic UNK to supervise and UNK the uses of American aid under the Marshall UNK The United States might well have exploited the opportunity provided by the European UNK Program to push the hesitant European nations toward political UNK as well as economic UNK but all proposals to this effect were rejected by the United States Government at the time. Another powerful factor in the European movement was the threat of Soviet UNK The Communist coup in UNK in 1948 was followed immediately by the conclusion of the UNK UNK a UNK alliance among Britain, France and the UNK countries. And of course the Soviet threat was responsible for ~NATO, the grand alliance of the Atlantic nations. New organs of unification UNK in the decade following the conclusion of the ~NATO UNK In 1949 the Council of Europe came into existence, a purely UNK parliamentary body but the first organ of political rather than functional unity. In 1952, the European UNK and Steel Community was launched, placing the coal and steel production of France, West Germany, Italy and UNK under a UNK High UNK For a time it appeared that a common European army might be created, but the project for a European Defense Community was rejected by the French National Assembly in 1954. In 1957 the social-economic approach to European integration was UNK by the formation among "the UNK of a UNK European Common Market, and UNK for UNK in the development of atomic energy. The UNK UNK have generally encouraged the European unification movement without seriously considering the wisdom of their own full participation in a broader Atlantic community. The United States and Canada belong only to ~NATO and the new UNK Britain until recently went along in some areas with all of the enthusiasm of the UNK at a shotgun UNK In other areas it held back, pleading its Commonwealth bonds. Now Britain has decided to seek admission to the European Economic Community and it seems certain that she will be joined by some of her partners in the loose Free Trade Area of the UNK UNK Besides its historical significance as a break with the UNK tradition of British UNK Britain's move, if successful, will constitute an historic UNK of the first importance in the movement toward the unification of Europe and the Western world. If a broader Atlantic community is to be UNK and my own judgment is that it lies within the realm of both our needs and our UNK a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the ~NATO UNK The time is now UNK indeed UNK for the vigorous development of its non-military UNK for its development as an instrument of Atlantic community. What is required is the full implementation of Article 2 of the UNK which UNK "The UNK will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions, by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are UNK and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being. They will seek to eliminate conflict in their international economic policies and will encourage economic collaboration between any and all of them". As Lester Pearson wrote in UNK UNK cannot live on fear alone. It cannot become the source of a real Atlantic community if it remains organized to deal only with the military threat which first brought it into UNK The problem of ~NATO is not one of machinery, of which there is an UNK but of the will to use it. The ~NATO Council is available as an executive agency, the Standing Group as a high military authority. The unofficial Conference of UNK is available as a potential legislative authority. This machinery will not become the instrument of an Atlantic community by UNK but only when that community UNK from potentiality to reality. The existence of a community is a state of mind- a conviction that goals and values are widely UNK that effective communication is possible, that mutual trust is reasonably UNK An equally promising avenue toward Atlantic community may lie through the development and expansion of the UNK UNK as an organ of economic UNK there is no reason why UNK cannot evolve into a broader instrument of union if its members so desire. Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than ~NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations, because it could encompass <all> of the members of the Atlantic community including UNK like Sweden and UNK who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like UNK UNK these hopes and UNK is a conviction that the nations of the North Atlantic area do indeed form a community, at least a potential community. There is nothing new in this; what is new and compelling is that the West is now but one of several powerful UNK or UNK and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the West. For centuries the North Atlantic nations dominated the world and as long as they did they could afford the luxury of fighting each other. That time is now past and the Atlantic nations, if they are to survive, must develop a UNK community, and they must also look beyond the frontiers of "Western UNK toward a world-wide "concert of free UNK UNK The burden of these reflections is that a broader unity among the free nations is at the core of our needs. And if we do not aspire to too much, it is also within our capacity. A realistic balancing of the need for new forms of international organization on the one hand, and our capacity to achieve them on the other, must be approached through the concept of UNK History has demonstrated many times that concerts of nations based solely on the negative spur of common danger are unlikely to survive when the external danger ceases to be dramatically urgent. Only when a concert of nations rests on the positive foundations of shared goals and values is it likely to form a viable instrument of long-range policy. It follows that the solution to the current UNK of the free nations is only to a very limited extent a matter of UNK new machinery of consultation and UNK It is very much a matter of building the foundations of community. It is for these reasons that proposals for a UNK world UNK through radical UNK of the United Nations or through some sort of world UNK are utterly UNK In a recent book called UNK Peace Through World UNK two distinguished lawyers, UNK Clark and Louis UNK call for just such an UNK of the UNK basing their case on the world-wide fear of a nuclear UNK I believe that these proposals, however UNK in terms of world needs, go far beyond our capacity to realize them. Such proposals look to an apocalyptic act, a kind of UNK "social UNK on a world-wide scale. The defect of these proposals is in their attempt to outrun history and their assumption that because something may be desirable it is also possible. A working concept of the organic evolution of community must lead us in a different direction. The failures of the U&N& and of other international organs suggest that we have already gone beyond what was UNK feasible. Our problem, therefore, is to devise processes more modest in their aspirations, adjusted to the real world of sovereign nation states and diverse and hostile communities. The history of the U&N& demonstrates that in a UNK world we must develop processes of influence and persuasion rather than UNK It is possible that international organization will ultimately supplant the UNK system, but its proper function for the immediate future is to reform and supplement that system in order to render UNK more compatible with an interdependent world. New machinery of UNK should not be our primary objective in the foreseeable future- though perhaps the UNK general UNK of Western leaders proposed by Sir Anthony Eden would serve a useful purpose. Generally, however, there is an abundance of available machinery of UNK in ~NATO, in UNK in the U&N& and elsewhere. The trouble with this machinery is that it is not used and the reason that it is not used is the absence of a conscious sense of community among the free nations. Our proper objective, then, is the development of a new spirit, the realization of a potential community. A "concert of free UNK should take its inspiration from the traditions of the nineteenth century Concert of Europe with its common values and accepted UNK of the UNK UNK of and by themselves mean UNK the history of both the League of Nations and the United Nations demonstrates that. But a powerful sense of community, even with little or no machinery, means a great deal. That is the lesson of the nineteenth century. A realistic "concert of free UNK might be expected to consist of an UNK community" of the North Atlantic nations and an UNK community" embracing much or all of the UNK world. THE recent experiments in the new poetry-and-jazz movement seen by some as part of the UNK Francisco UNK have been as popular as they are UNK "It might well start a UNK like UNK UNK or UNK wee UNK wrote Kenneth Rexroth in an explanatory note in the UNK Review>, and he may have been right. Under the general heading UNK widely divergent experiments have been carried out. Lawrence UNK and Bruce UNK have concentrated on writing a new poetry for reading with jazz that is very closely related to both the musical forms of jazz, and the vocabulary of the musician. Even musicians themselves have taken to writing poetry. UNK UNK now has poems as well as ballads written for UNK But the best known UNK of the new medium are Kenneth Rexroth and Kenneth Patchen. Rexroth and Patchen are far apart UNK and UNK in their experiments. Rexroth is a UNK jazz UNK a UNK of jazz UNK and a student of traditional as well as modern jazz. In San Francisco he has worked with UNK Moore, Charlie UNK and other UNK musicians of secure reputation, thus placing himself within established jazz traditions, in addition to being a part of the San Francisco UNK Although Patchen has given previous evidence of an interest in jazz, the musical group that he works with, the Chamber Jazz UNK is often ignored by jazz critics. UNK did not mention the Los Angeles appearance of Patchen and the UNK although the engagement lasted over two UNK The stated goal of the UNK is the synthesis of jazz and UNK music. Patchen's musicians are UNK in established jazz circles, and Patchen himself has remained outside the San Francisco poetry group, maintaining a self-imposed UNK even though his conversion to poetry-and-jazz is not as extreme or as sudden as it may first appear. He had read his poetry with musicians as early as 1951, and his entire career has been characterized by radical experiments with the form and presentation of his poetry. However, his subject matter and basic themes have remained surprisingly UNK and these, together with certain key poetic images, may be traced through all his work, including the new jazz experiments. From the beginning of his career, Patchen has adopted an UNK approach to poetry. His first book, UNK the UNK UNK is a collection of poems that are almost all UNK but after publication of this book he rejected Communism, and advocated a UNK UNK though retaining his revolutionary idiom. He spoke for a UNK that included "all the lost and sick and UNK of the UNK Patchen believes that the world is being destroyed by UNK and UNK people. UNK counter to the destroying forces in the world are all the virtues that are innate in man, the capacity for love and UNK the ability to appreciate beauty. UNK as well as love is UNK and Patchen UNK a kind of moral salvation. This salvation does not take the form of a Christian Heaven. In Patchen's eyes, organized churches are as UNK as organized governments, and Christian symbols, having been taken over by the UNK classes, are now agents of corruption. Patchen UNK a Dark Kingdom which UNK above the waters as a UNK warning man of danger from his own kind". The Dark Kingdom sends Angels of Death and other fateful UNK down to us with stern UNK Actually Heaven and the Dark Kingdom UNK they form two aspects of heavenly life after death. Patchen has almost never used strict poetic UNK he has experimented instead with personal UNK Much of his earlier work was conceived in terms of a UNK myth reference, which is concerned with imaginary places and beings described in UNK and UNK language. These early experiments were evidently not altogether satisfying to Patchen. Beginning in UNK of the UNK UNK he experimented in merging poetry and visual art, using drawings to carry long narrative segments of a story, as in UNK UNK and constructing elaborate UNK in which it is impossible to distinguish between the UNK and the poetry. Art UNK or UNK myths did not meet all of Patchen's requirements for a poetic frame of UNK Many of his poems purported to be exactly contemporary and UNK so during the period approximately from 1941 to 1946, Patchen often used private detective stories as a myth reference, and the "private eye" as a myth hero. Speaking in terms of sociological UNK the "private eye" might appeal to the poet in search of a myth for many reasons. The private detective (at least in the minds of listeners and readers all over the UNK is an individual hero fighting UNK He is usually something of an UNK he must battle the organized police force as well as recognized UNK The private detective must UNK as the UNK Son or UNK Hero does in primitive myth, on his wits. The private detective is militant against injustice, a humorous and ironic UNK of the UNK most important to UNK he was a UNK hero, and very contemporary. In 1945, probably almost every American not only knew who Sam Spade was, but had some kind of emotional feeling about him. In <The UNK of a UNK UNK UNK Patchen exploited this national sentiment by making his hero, Albert UNK a private detective. But since 1945, Sam Spade has undergone a UNK he has become Friday on UNK a UNK of arbitrary police authority. He has, like so many other secular and religious culture symbols, gone over to the side of the ruling classes. Obviously, the "private eye" can have no more appeal for Patchen. To fill the job of contemporary hero in 1955, Patchen needed someone else. It was logical that he would come up with the figure of the modern jazz musician. The revolution in jazz that took place around 1949, the evolution from the UNK school of UNK UNK to the UNK sound of Miles Davis and UNK UNK Lee UNK and the whole legend of Charlie Parker, had made an impression on many academic and literary men. The differentiation between the East Coast and West Coast schools of jazz, the differences between the UNK UNK school of UNK and the UNK experiments of UNK UNK and UNK the general differences in the mores of white and UNK musicians, all had become fairly well known to certain segments of the public. The immense amount of interest that the new jazz had for the younger generation must have impressed him, and he began working toward the merger of jazz and poetry, as he had previously attempted the union of graphic art and poetry. In addition to his experiments in reading poetry to jazz, Patchen is beginning to use the figure of the modern jazz musician as a myth hero in the same way he used the figure of the private detective a decade ago. In this respect, his approach to poetry-and-jazz is in marked contrast to Kenneth UNK Rexroth uses many of his early poems when he reads to jazz, including many of his Chinese and Japanese UNK he usually draws some kind of comparison with the jazz tradition and the poem he is UNK for instance, he draws the parallel between a poem he reads about an Oriental UNK waiting for the man she loves, and who never comes, and the old blues UNK of UNK UNK and other Negro UNK but usually the comparison is UNK Rexroth may sometimes achieve an effective UNK but he rarely makes any effort to capture any jazz UNK in the text of his poems, relying on his very competent musicians to supply this feeling. Patchen does read some of his earlier works to music, but he has written an entire book of short poems which seem to be especially suited for reading with jazz. These new poems have only a few direct references to jazz and jazz musicians, but they show changes in Patchen's approach to his poetry, for he has tried to enter into and understand the emotional attitude of the jazz musician. It is difficult to draw the line between stereotype and the reality of the jazz musician. Everyone knows that private detectives in real life are not like Sam Spade and Pat UNK but the real and the imaginary musician are closely UNK UNK by the public, the musician is the UNK UNK UNK He is forced to play for little money, and must often take another job to live. His approach to music is highly UNK the accent is on UNK rather than arrangements. While he is UNK the musician often UNK public attitudes of childlike UNK and UNK The musician is UNK and UNK he is far from being a literary hero, yet is a creative UNK Many of these aspects will be seen as comparable to those of the ideal detective, but where the detective is active and UNK the jazz musician is passive, almost a victim of society. In order to write with authority either about musicians, or as a musician, Patchen would have to soft pedal his characteristically outspoken anger, and change (at least for the purposes of this UNK from a revolutionary to a victim. He must become one who knows all about the injustice in the world, but who declines doing anything about it. This involves a shift in Patchen's attitude and it is a first step toward writing a new jazz poetry. He has shown considerable ingenuity in adapting his earliest symbols and devices to the new work, and the fact that he has kept a body of constant symbols through all of his experiments gives an unexpected continuity to his poetry. Perhaps tracing some of these more important symbols through the body of his work will show that Patchen's new poetry is well thought out, and remains within the UNK of his work, while being suited to a new form. Henry Miller characterized Patchen as a UNK of anger and UNK His revolutionary anger is apparent in most of his early poems. The following passage from "The UNK Great UNK illustrates the UNK of this anger. UNK won't help. I was born angry. Angry that my father was being burnt alive in the UNK Angry that none of us knew anything but UNK and UNK Angry because I was that very one somebody was supposed To be fighting UNK This angry and UNK stance which Patchen has maintained in his poetry for almost fifteen years has been successfully UNK into a kind of UNK that is as effective as anger and still expresses his disapproval of the modern world. In his recent book, UNK for UNK UNK one of the most important short UNK and it is the title poem for one of the long jazz UNK is written for recital with jazz. Although it does not follow the UNK rules for a blues to be sung, the phrases themselves carry a blues feeling. "I UNK TO THE UNK And there I did UNK Men UNK likes UNK And living like UNK <Oh, can't hold the UNK of my UNK UNK hold her little white UNK Yes, I went to the city, And there I did bitterly cry, Men out of touch with the earth, And with never a glance at the sky. <Oh, can't hold the UNK of my UNK UNK hold her pure little UNK Patchen is still the UNK but he writes in a UNK UNK tone. Neither of these poems is an UNK each is so typical that it represents a prominent trend in the poet's development. Patchen is repeatedly preoccupied with death. In many of his poems, death comes by UNK a strongly UNK visual image. Perhaps Patchen was once involved in a train UNK and this passage from UNK Will and UNK may have been how the accident appeared to the poet when he first saw it- if he UNK " Lord love us, look at all the UNK UNK floating UNK like UNK feathers at that- and all the eyes are talking and all the hair are moving and all the tongue are in all the cheek **h". Let us see just how typical Krim is. He is New UNK and UNK He spent one year at the University of North Carolina because Thomas Wolfe went there. He returned to New York to work for <The New UNK to UNK a Western UNK to UNK the war in the UNK to write publicity for UNK Pictures and commentary for a UNK then he began his career as critic for various UNK Now he has abandoned all that to be A UNK I do not want to UNK about UNK in a certain sense, one manner of experience will be typical of any given group while another will not. But I've got news for UNK he's not UNK he's pretty UNK His may UNK a certain kind of postwar New York experience, but his experience is certainly not typical of his UNK In any case, who ever thought that New York is typical of UNK Men of Krim's age, aspirations, and level of sophistication were typically involved in politics before the war. They did not UNK the UNK but they fought in it, however UNK they UNK out some kind of formal education; they read widely and UNK they did not fall into UNK jobs on UNK magazines, but they did whatever UNK thing they could get in order to UNK they found out who they were and what they could do, then within the limits of their talent they did it. They did not worry about UNK because experience thrust itself upon them. And they traveled out of New York. Only a native New Yorker could believe that New York is now or ever was a literary center. It is a publishing and public relations center, but these very facts prevent it from being a literary center because writers dislike UNK and UNK Krim's UNK consists only in his New UNK view that New York is the world; he displays what UNK call the New York mind, a state that the subject is necessarily unable to perceive in himself. The New York mind is two parts abstraction and one part UNK about the rest of the country and in fact the world. In his UNK against the literary world, Krim is really struggling with the New Yorker in himself, but it's a losing battle. Closely related to his illusions about his UNK is Krim's complicated feeling about his UNK He writes, "Most of my friends and I were UNK we were also UNK the combination of the Jewish intellectual tradition and the sensibility needed to be a writer created in my circle the most potent and incredible UNK ambition I have ever seen or could ever have imagined. Within themselves, just as people, my friends were often tortured and UNK bitter about being the offspring of this UNK UNK UNK their reading and thinking gave an extension to their normal UNK about appearing UNK in UNK bus, UNK movie house, any of the public places that used to make the Jew of my generation self-conscious UNK thinkers walking across Seventh Avenue without their glasses on, willing to dare the trucks as long as they didn't look like the UNK UNK of the UNK UNK **h". At other points in his narrative, Krim associates UNK with UNK literary ambition, with abstraction, with his personal turning aside from the good, the true, and the beautiful of fiction in the manner of James T& Farrell to the international, the false, and the UNK Krim says, in short, that he is a suffering Jew. The only possible answer to that is, I am a suffering UNK We all love to suffer, but some of us love to suffer more than others. Had Krim gone farther from New York than Chapel Hill, he might have discovered that large numbers of American Jews do not find his New York version of the UNK lot remotely UNK More important is the simple human point that all men suffer, and that it is a kind of UNK pride on the part of the Jew to believe that his suffering is more poignant than mine or anyone UNK This is not to deny the existence of UNK and UNK but only to assert that these horrors have had an effect on the nerves of people who did not experience them, that among the various side effects is the local hysteria of Jewish writers and intellectuals who cry out from confusion, which they call oppression and pain. In their stupidity and UNK they believe they are called upon to remind the gentile continually of UNK and UNK Some of us have imagination and sensibility too. Finally, there is the undeniable fact that some of the finest American fiction is being written by Jews, but it is not UNK UNK UNK UNK and Bernard UNK through intellectual toughness, perception, through experience in fact, have obviously liberated themselves from any sentimental Krim UNK they might have been tempted to. Krim's main attack is upon the aesthetic and the publishing apparatus of American literary culture in our day. Krim was able to get an advance for a novel, and time and opportunity to write at UNK but it was no good. "I had natural UNK he says, UNK a UNK and was UNK good at UNK dialogue, and most of the other UNK of the UNK trade but I was UNK by a mammoth complex of thoughts and feelings that prevented me from doing more than just UNK the surface of sustained UNK And again, "how can you write when you haven't yet read UNK the UNK Krim came to believe that "the novel as a form had UNK its vital UNK His UNK Jewish UNK convinced him that education UNK UNK was "a UNK He moved in a UNK UNK group in Greenwich Village in the late UNK becoming UNK overnight. Then followed a period in which he wrote reviews for <The New York Times Book UNK The UNK UNK had a small piece in <Partisan UNK and moved on to UNK The Village UNK and UNK The work for UNK was more satisfying than work for UNK "because of the UNK UNK fear of making a UNK UNK was a mere suburb of <Partisan UNK the UNK Both magazines were UNK with UNK UNK S& UNK UNK fear **h". <Partisan> has failed, Krim says, for being UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK from the U&S&. It was "the creation of a monstrous historical period wherein it thought it had to UNK literature and politics and avant-garde art of every kind with its writers UNK trying to outdo each other in UNK UNK **h". UNK UNK and UNK operated in an UNK New Critical UNK their example caused Krim and his friends to put on UNK UNK affect all sorts of impressive scholarship and UNK UNK **h in order to slip through their narrow UNK and get into their UNK UNK UNK UNK as the French Jewish intellectuals used to say. Through all this UNK Krim is performing a traditional and by now boring UNK the attack on intelligence, upon the largely successful attempt of the magazines he UNK to UNK American writing from local color and other varieties of romantic UNK God knows that <Partisan> and the rest often were, and remain, guilty of intellectual UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK to English, UNK but UNK fiction, and outrages to common sense have often disfigured UNK and in lesser degree, the other magazines on the list. What Krim UNK in his contempt for history and for accuracy, is that these magazines, <Partisan> foremost, brought about a genuine revolution in the American mind from the UNK to approximately 1950. The most obvious characteristic of contemporary American writing, apart from the beat UNK is its UNK The process of UNK had begun in earnest about 1912, but the First War and the depression virtually UNK that process in its tracks. Without the good magazines, without their book UNK their hospitality to European writers, without above all their awareness of literary standards, we might very well have had a generation of Krim's UNK UNK UNK UNK and I might add, UNK and UNK and UNK in UNK and then where would we be? UNK UNK and UNK as Krim might say after reading a book about UNK When <Partisan> and UNK set up shop, UNK was still accepted as an UNK of taste UNK UNK George Jean Nathan and Alexander UNK were honored in odd quarters, and the whole Booth UNK UNK UNK UNK Pearl UNK Amy Lowell, William UNK UNK atmosphere lay thick as Los Angeles UNK over the country. UNK economics, UNK the entire area of life that lies between literature and what Krim calls UNK urgently needed to be dug UNK The universities certainly were not doing it, nor were the popular magazines of the day. This <Partisan> above all UNK if it had never printed a word of literature its contribution to the UNK area would still be UNK But it did print good verse and good fiction. If the editors sometimes UNK and printed UNK New UNK UNK they also printed Malraux, UNK UNK UNK UNK Robert Lowell, Francis UNK Mary UNK UNK UNK UNK Elizabeth UNK Eleanor Clark, and a host of other good writers. <Partisan UNK and the other literary magazines helped to UNK in the best sense, an entire generation. That these magazines also deluded the UNK of the world is unfortunate but inevitable. It is a fact of life that magazines are edited by UNK they have to be or they wouldn't be published at all. And it is also a fact of life that there will always be UNK UNK people around who will be UNK by the glitter of what looks like a literary movement. UNK are no literary movements, there are only writers doing their work. UNK movements are the creation of UNK who live off UNK When Krim says UNK was as severe a UNK environment as can be UNK he is off his UNK He indicates that he has none of the disciplines that criticism UNK including education; the result was his inevitable UNK through UNK He wasn't being educated in those Village UNK as he claims. No one was ever educated through UNK in anything other UNK to quote him again, UNK UNK Only a New York UNK would expect to find the literary life in Greenwich Village at any point later than Walt UNK day. The UNK intellectual **h UNK that Krim says he encountered in the Village did their work in spite of, not because of, any Village atmosphere. But Krim's complaint is important because not only in New York, but in other cities and in universities throughout this country, young and not so young men at this moment are being UNK by UNK ideas. Those who have quality will outgrow the experience; the rest will turn UNK or into UNK or into beat UNK For the sad truth is that while one might write well without having read UNK the UNK one is more likely to write well if one has read it, and much else. The most appalling aspect of Krim's piece is his reflection of the beat UNK He mentions the beats only once, when he refers to their having UNK through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience UNK but the entire narrative is written in the UNK vocabulary of that lost and dying cause, and in the sprung syntax that is supposed to supplant our mother tongue. Krim's aesthetic combines UNK conscious and unconscious UNK and a UNK reliance upon the "natural" and upon UNK Ideas are the UNK to UNK "My UNK **h had been strictly literature and, UNK enough, <American> literature (because that was what I wanted to UNK He UNK to something called UNK UNK and he finds that criticism gets in the way of his UNK UNK imaginative UNK There had been signs and UNK like the regular UNK over and UNK of the bust of Lauro di Bosis near the UNK UNK and in the UNK Something was happening all right, slowly it is true, but you could feel it. The Italians felt it. Little things. An Italian poet had noticed UNK policemen UNK around the area of UNK Palace, the first time since the war. At least they hadn't stepped up and asked to see papers in the hated, flat, dialect UNK of UNK home UNK UNK per UNK But, who knew, that might be coming one of these days. There were other Italians who still bore scars they had earned in police station UNK UNK They laughed and, true to national form and manners, never talked long or solemnly on any subject at all, but some of them worried out loud about short memories and UNK We saw UNK Berto at a party once in a while, tall, UNK nervous and handsome, and, in our opinion, the best novelist of them all except UNK and UNK is dead. UNK <The UNK Is UNK had been a small masterpiece and in its special way the best book to come out of the war. Now he was married to a beautiful girl, had a small son, and lived in an expensive apartment and worked for the movies. On his desk was a slowly accumulating treatment and script of <The Count of Monte UNK On his UNK were some of the latest American novels, including UNK UNK the UNK but he hadn't read them (they were sent by American UNK and wasn't especially interested in what the American writers were up to. He was interested in Robert UNK <The Man without UNK So were a lot of other people. He was interested in UNK UNK He was thinking his way into a new novel, a big one, one that people had been waiting for. It was going to be hard going all the way because he hadn't written seriously for a while, except for a few stories, was tired of the old method of UNK he had so successfully used in <The UNK Is UNK This one was going to be different. He had bought a little piece of property down along the coast of the hard country of UNK that he knew so well. He was going to do one or two more films for cash and then chuck it all, leave Rome and its intellectual UNK and UNK life, go back to UNK Berto seemed UNK too. He knew all about it and had put it down in journal form in <The War in a Black UNK a wonderful book not, for some strange reason, published in the U&S&. He knew all about the appeal of a black UNK and UNK to a poor, UNK peasant boy. He knew all about the infection and the fever, and, too, the moment of realization when he saw for himself, threw up his hands and UNK ended the war as a prisoner in Texas. Berto knew all about UNK So did his friend, the young novelist UNK UNK is tough and UNK and UNK says what he UNK He had put it down in a war novel, <The Day of the UNK These people were not talking much about it, but you, a UNK sensed their apprehension and UNK So there we were talking around and about it. The English lady said she had to go to Vienna for a while. It was a pity because she had planned to lay a wreath at the foot of the Garibaldi UNK towering over Rome in spectacular UNK from the UNK of the UNK Around that statue in the green park where children play and lovers walk in UNK and there is a glowing view of the whole city, in that park are the rows of marble busts of Garibaldi's fallen men, the ones who one day rushed out of the UNK San UNK and, under fire all the way, up the long, straight narrow lane to UNK then lose the high ground of the UNK UNK UNK When they lost it, the French artillery moved in, and that was the end for Garibaldi that time, on 30 April UNK Once out of the gate they had charged straight up the narrow lane. We had walked it many times and UNK figuring what a fish barrel it had been for the French. Now the park is filled with marble busts and all the streets in the immediate area have the full and proper names of the men who fell. We were at a party once and heard an UNK young European call that awful charge UNK Our companion was a huge, UNK American sculptor who had been a UNK UNK all across France in 1944. He said it was stupid butchery to order men to make a charge like that, no matter who gave the order and what for. "Oh, it would be butchery all right", the European said. "We would see it that way, but it was glorious UNK It was the last time in history anybody could do something UNK like that". I thought: Who is older now? Old world and new world. The sculptor looked at him, UNK and UNK angry. He had made an assault once with 180 men. It was a picked assault company. They went up against an ~SS unit of comparable size, over a little rise of ground, over an open field. UNK a village UNK They made it, killed every last one of the UNK took the village on schedule. When it was over, eight of his company were still alive and all eight were wounded. The whole thing, from the moment when they jumped heavily off the trucks, spread out and moved into position just behind the cover of that slight rise of ground and then jumped off, took maybe between twenty and thirty minutes. The sculptor looked at him, let the color drain out of his face, UNK and looked down into his drink, a bad UNK made with raw Italian gin. UNK he said softly. UNK me", the European said. "I am not familiar with the UNK The apartment where we were talking that afternoon in March faced onto the street Garibaldi's men had charged up and along. Across the way from the apartment building is a ruined house, shot to hell that day in UNK and left that way as a UNK There is a bronze wreath on the wall. Like everything else in Rome, ruins and monuments alike, that house is lived in. I have seen UNK UNK across the ruined roof. The English lady really wanted to put a wreath on the Garibaldi monument on the 30th of UNK She had her reasons for this. For one thing, there wasn't going to be any ceremony at all this year. There were a few reasons for that, UNK Garibaldi had been taken up and exploited by the Communists UNK Therefore the government wanted no part of him. UNK is sort of as if our government should decide to UNK Washington or Lincoln for the same UNK And then there were ecclesiastical matters, the matter of Garibaldi's UNK There was a new Pope and the Vatican was making itself heard and felt these days. As it happens the English lady is a good Catholic herself, but of more liberal political persuasion. Nothing was going to be done this year to UNK Garibaldi's bold and unsuccessful defense of Rome. All that the English lady wanted to do was to walk up to the monument and lay a wreath at its base. This would show that UNK even a UNK living in Rome, UNK And then there were other things. Some of the marble busts in the park are of young Englishmen who fought and died for UNK She also mentioned leaving a little bunch of flowers at the bust of Lauro di UNK It is hard for me to know how I feel about Lauro di UNK I suffer from mixed feelings. He was a UNK handsome, and sensitive young UNK His bust shows an intense, UNK UNK face. He flew over Rome one day during the early days of UNK and scattered UNK over the city, denouncing the UNK He was never heard of again. He is thought either to have been killed by the UNK as soon as he landed or to have killed himself by flying out to sea and crashing his plane. He was, thus, an early and spectacular victim. And there is something so wonderfully romantic about it all. He really didn't know how to fly. He had crashed on take off once before. UNK had it (for gossip is the soul of UNK that a famous American dancer of the time had paid for both the UNK It was absurd and dramatic. It is remembered and has been UNK by a bust in a park and a square in the city which was UNK UNK Lauro di Bosis after the war. Most UNK even some UNK know it by the old name. UNK with a gesture like UNK UNK I find usually that my sentiments are closer to those of my sculptor friend. The things that happened in police station UNK were UNK UNK and most often UNK No poetry, no airplanes, no UNK That is how the real routine of resistance goes on, and its strength is directly proportionate to the number of insignificant people who can let themselves be taken to pieces, piece by piece, without UNK It is an ugly business and there are few, if any, UNK for them. I keep thinking of a young woman I knew during the UNK in UNK She was from UNK She had been picked up by the Russians, questioned in connection with some pamphlets, sentenced to life imprisonment for UNK She UNK crawled through the usual mine fields, under barbed wire, was shot at, UNK a river, and we finally picked her up in UNK She showed us what had happened to her. No airplanes, no Nathan UNK statements. Just no spot, not even a UNK spot, on her whole body that wasn't UNK UNK on top of UNK from UNK I understand very well about Lauro di Bosis and how his action is UNK The trouble is that like many symbols it doesn't seem a very realistic one. The English lady wanted to pay tribute to Garibaldi and to Lauro di UNK but she wasn't going to be here to do it. UNK any of us interested enough in the idea to do it for her, by proxy so to UNK There was a pretty thorough silence at that point. My spoon stirring coffee, UNK against the side of the cup, sounded as loud as a bell. I thought: What the UNK Why not? I said I would do it for her. I had some reasons, too. I admire the English lady. I hate embarrassing UNK and have been known to make a fool out of myself just to prevent one. I also had and have feelings about UNK Like every Southerner I can't escape the romantic tradition of brave UNK UNK lost causes. Though Garibaldi's fight was small shakes compared to UNK UNK which, like all UNK I view in almost UNK terms, fallen angels, UNK I associated the two. And to top it all I am often sentimental on purpose, trying to prove to myself that I am not UNK of UNK So much for all that. The English lady was pleased and UNK She gave me the names of some people who would surely help pay for the flowers and might even march up to the monument with me. The idea of the march pleased her. Maybe twenty, UNK UNK **h Maybe I could call UNK at the magazine UNK where he worked. The Office of Business UNK UNK of the U&S& Department of Commerce provides basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of short-run changes in the economic situation and business outlook. It develops and UNK the national income, balance of international payments, and many other business UNK Such measures are essential to its job of presenting business and Government with the facts required to meet the objective of expanding business and improving the operation of the economy. _CONTACT_ For further information contact Director, Office of Business UNK U&S& Department of Commerce, Washington 25, D&C&. _PRINTED MATERIAL_ Economic information is made available to businessmen and economists promptly through the monthly UNK of UNK UNK and its weekly UNK This UNK including weekly statistical supplements, is available for $4 per year from Commerce Field Offices or Superintendent of UNK U&S& Government Printing Office, Washington 25, D&C&. UNK UNK TO SMALL BUSINESS UNK The Small Business Administration UNK provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products. UNK BUSINESS UNK UNK management problems and their suggested solutions are dealt with in a series of ~SBA UNK These publications, written especially for the managers or owners of small businesses, indirectly aid in community development programs. They are written by specialists in numerous types of business UNK cover a wide range of subjects, and are directed to the needs and interests of the small firm. ~SBA offers Administrative Management UNK which are designed to improve the management efficiency and UNK of small business concerns within a community. ~SBA UNK these courses with educational institutions and community groups. Through the UNK Management UNK UNK practical, personalized advice on sound management principles is available upon request to both prospective and established businessmen in a community. UNK conferences covering some specific phase of business management, also part of the continuing activities of the Small Business Administration, aid community economic development programs. These short, UNK meetings usually are sponsored by local banks, UNK of Commerce, trade associations, or other civic organizations. UNK RESEARCH AND UNK Production specialists in ~SBA regional offices are available to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems. UNK and advice are available on new product research and UNK new product UNK processing UNK product and market UNK new industrial uses for UNK UNK and UNK UNK and industrial uses for agricultural products. ~SBA serves also as a clearing house for information on products and processes particularly UNK for exploitation by small firms. This may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through UNK and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant capacity. UNK UNK Production specialists are available in ~SBA regional offices to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems. These problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the Government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the Government specifications require operations that the firm did not understand when it undertook the contract. Production assistance often takes the form of locating tools or materials which are urgently needed. UNK is given also on problems of plant location and plant space. UNK SALES UNK The property sales assistance program is designed to assist small business concerns that may wish to buy property offered for sale by the Federal Government. Under this program, property sales specialists in the Small Business Administration regional offices help small business concerns to locate Federal property for sale and insure that small firms have the opportunity to bid UNK for surplus personal and real property and certain natural resources, including timber from the national forests. ~SBA works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the Federal Government in reviewing proposed sales programs and identifying those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in UNK UNK property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through ~SBA regional news releases, and by UNK directed to the small business concerns. Each ~SBA regional office also maintains a UNK list of surplus property, principally machinery and equipment, desired by small business concerns in its area. When suitable equipment is located by the ~SBA representative, the small business concern is contacted and advised on when, where, and how to bid on such property. UNK UNK Section 8 (~b) (2) of the Small Business Act, as UNK UNK the ~SBA to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns. The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily UNK It is kept in each Regional office for the small firms within the region. UNK of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in UNK facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to UNK themselves of the services authorized by the Congress in establishing the Small Business Administration. These services include procurement and technical assistance and notice of surplus sales and invitations to bid on Government contracts for products and services within the UNK field of operations. ~SBA can make complete facilities inventories of all small business concerns in labor surplus areas within UNK and staff limitations. _CONTACT_ For further information, contact Small Business Administration Regional Offices in Atlanta, UNK Boston, UNK Chicago, UNK Cleveland, Ohio; Dallas, UNK Denver, UNK Detroit, UNK Kansas City, UNK Los Angeles, Calif&; UNK UNK New York, UNK Philadelphia, UNK Richmond, UNK San Francisco, Calif&; and Seattle, UNK Branch Offices are located in other large cities. _PRINTED MATERIAL_ <Small Business Administration, What It UNK What It UNK ~SBA Services for Community Economic UNK and various other useful publications on currently important management, technical production, and marketing topics are available, on request, from Small Business Administration, Washington 25, D&C&. <New Product UNK for Small Business UNK 30 UNK UNK and UNK New UNK 45 UNK <U&S& Government UNK UNK and Sales UNK 60 UNK are available from the Superintendent of UNK U&S& Government Printing Office, Washington 25, D&C&. UNK _TO SMALL UNK ~SBA makes loans to individual small business firms, providing them with financing when it is not otherwise available through private lending sources on reasonable terms. Many such loans have been made to establish small concerns or to aid in their growth, thereby contributing substantially to community development programs. UNK UNK ~SBA loans, which may be made to small manufacturers, small business pools, UNK UNK service establishments and other small businesses (when financing is not otherwise available to them on reasonable terms), are to finance business construction, conversion, or UNK the purchase of equipment, facilities, machinery, supplies, or UNK or to supply working capital. Evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided. UNK OF UNK ~SBA business loans are of two types: UNK and UNK UNK loans are those made jointly by the ~SBA and banks or other private lending institutions. Direct loans are those made by ~SBA alone. To qualify for either type of loan, an applicant must be a small business or approved small business UNK and must meet certain credit requirements. A small business is defined as one which is independently owned and operated and which is not dominant in its field. In addition, the ~SBA uses such criteria as number of employees and dollar volume of the business. UNK UNK The credit requirements UNK that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that, with loan assistance from the UNK it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis. A proposed loan must be for sound purposes or sufficiently secured so as to assure a reasonable chance of UNK The record of past earnings and prospects for the future must indicate it has the ability to repay the loan out of current and anticipated income. UNK UNK The amount which may be borrowed from the ~SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan. The maximum loan which ~SBA may make to any one UNK is UNK Business loans generally are UNK in regular UNK usually UNK including interest at the rate of UNK percent per UNK on the unpaid UNK and have a maximum maturity of 10 years; the term of loans for working capital is 6 years. _CONTACT_ For further information, contact ~SBA Regional Offices in Atlanta, UNK Boston, UNK Chicago, UNK Cleveland, Ohio; Dallas, UNK Denver, UNK Detroit, UNK Kansas City, UNK Los Angeles, Calif&; UNK UNK New York, UNK Philadelphia, UNK Richmond, UNK San Francisco, Calif&; and Seattle, UNK Branch Offices are located in other large cities. _PRINTED MATERIAL_ <Small Business Administration, What It UNK What It UNK ~SBA Business UNK and <Small Business UNK are available, on request, from Small Business Administration, Washington 25, D&C&, and its regional UNK _TO UNK The Farm Credit Administration, an independent agency located within the Department of Agriculture, UNK and coordinates a cooperative credit system for UNK The system is composed of three credit services, Federal Land Banks and National Farm Loan UNK Federal UNK UNK Credit UNK and Banks for UNK This system provides long- and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative UNK UNK and business service organizations. As a source of investment capital, the system is beneficial to local communities and encourages the development of industries in rural areas. The credit UNK by the first two services in the system outlined above is primarily for general agricultural purposes. The third credit service, Banks for UNK exists under authority of the Farm Credit Act of UNK The Banks for UNK were established to provide a permanent source of credit on a sound basis for farmers' UNK UNK OF UNK Three distinct classes of loans are made available to farmers' UNK by the Banks for UNK UNK loans, operating capital loans, and facility UNK UNK To be eligible to borrow from a Bank for UNK a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products, purchasing farm supplies, or furnishing farm business services, and must meet the requirements set forth in the Farm Credit Act of 1933, as UNK UNK UNK Interest rates are determined by the board of directors of the bank with the approval of the Farm Credit Administration. _CONTACT_ For further information, contact the Bank for UNK serving the region, or the Farm Credit Administration, Research and Information Division, Washington 25, D&C&. _PRINTED MATERIAL_ UNK on request, from U&S& Department of Agriculture, Washington 25, D&C&, are: UNK Farm Credit Can UNK in Rural UNK UNK No& UNK and <The UNK Farm Credit UNK UNK No& UNK UNK UNK To encourage exploration for domestic sources of UNK the Office of UNK UNK UNK of the U&S& Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the UNK regulations. UNK This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms. Each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be UNK The Government will contract with an eligible applicant to pay up to one-half of the cost of approved exploration work as it UNK The applicant pays the rest of the cost, but his own time spent on the work and charges for the use of equipment which he owns may be applied toward his share of the cost. UNK Funds contributed by the Government are repaid by a royalty on production from the property. If nothing is produced, there is no obligation to UNK A UNK royalty is paid on any production during the period the contract is in UNK if the Government UNK that production may be possible from the property, the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest. The royalty applies to both principal and interest, but it never exceeds 5 percent. _CONTACT_ UNK application forms, and assistance in filing may be obtained from the Office of UNK UNK U&S& Department of the Interior, Washington 25, D&C&, or from the appropriate regional office listed below: In most of the less developed countries, however, such programing is at best inadequate and at worst UNK Only a very few of the more advanced ones, such as India and Pakistan, have developed systematic techniques of UNK Others have so-called development plans, but some of these are little more than lists of projects collected from various ministries while others are statements of goals without analysis of the actions required to attain them. Only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports and evaluation. UNK UNK HELP IN THE PLANNING UNK Neither growth nor a development program can be imposed on a country; it must express the nation's own will and goal. Nevertheless, we can administer an aid program in such a manner as to promote the development of responsible UNK UNK we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs. UNK we can make assistance for particular projects UNK on the consistency of such projects with the program. UNK we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources. This includes assistance in- **h assembling the basic economic, UNK UNK and educational information on which programing UNK **h surveying the needs and requirements over time of broad sectors of the economy, such as UNK agriculture, communication, industry, and power; **h designing the financial mechanisms of the economy in ways that will promote growth without UNK and **h administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established. UNK MUST USE UNK UNK IN UNK UNK The application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot, of course, be UNK It must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different capabilities of meeting such conditions. To insist on a level of performance in programing and budgeting completely beyond the capabilities of the recipient country would result in the frustration of the basic objective of our development assistance to encourage more rapid growth. In the more primitive areas, where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited, some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available. Thus, we might provide limited assistance in such fields as education, essential UNK UNK and agricultural improvement despite the absence of acceptable country programs. In such a case, however, we would encourage the recipient country to get on with its programing task, supply it with substantial technical assistance in performing that task, and make it plain that an expansion or even a continuation of our assistance to the country's development was UNK upon programing progress being made. At the other end of the spectrum, where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program, we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support, in cooperation with other developed countries, of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program. UNK UNK UNK _1. THE REASONS FOR UNK SELF-HELP_ A systematic approach to development budgeting and programing is one important kind of self-help. There are many others. It is vitally important that the new U&S& aid program should encourage all of them, since the main thrust for development must come from the less developed countries themselves. External aid can only be UNK although the UNK as in the case of the Marshall plan, can be UNK External aid can be effective only if it is a complement to self-help. U&S& aid, therefore, should increasingly be designed to provide incentives for countries to take the steps that only they themselves can take. UNK UNK IS NOT UNK In establishing conditions of UNK it is important that we not expect countries to UNK themselves in our image. Open societies can take many forms, and within very broad limits recipients must be free to set their own goals and to devise their own institutions to achieve those goals. On the other hand, it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist, such as that a plan calls for factories without power to run them, or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them. Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential, we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur. _2. THE RANGE OF SELF-HELP_ The major areas of self-help are the following: UNK THE UNK UNK OF UNK This includes not only development UNK but also establishing tax policies designed to raise UNK resources for UNK fiscal and monetary policies designed to prevent serious UNK and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few. UNK THE UNK OF UNK ON UNK UNK This includes UNK UNK UNK with adequate attention to reducing dependence on imports and adopting realistic exchange rates to encourage infant industries and spur UNK It also includes providing for the training of nationals to operate projects after they are completed. UNK UNK THE UNK OF THE UNK UNK For both economic and political reasons all segments of the population must be able to share in the growth of a country. Otherwise, development will not lead to UNK UNK UNK UNK IN UNK In many societies, what we regard as UNK UNK and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of UNK and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only UNK but UNK Yet an economy cannot get the most out of its resources if UNK UNK and favoritism are widespread. Moreover, tolerance by us of such practices results in serious waste and diversion of aid resources and in the long run generates UNK sentiment of a kind peculiarly UNK to our political interest. Some of the most dramatic successes of communism in winning local support can be traced to the UNK correct or not- of Communist UNK with personal honesty and pro-Western UNK with corruption. A requirement of reasonably honest administration may be politically uncomfortable in the short run, but it is politically essential in the long run. _3. U&S& UNK ON SELF-HELP_ The United States can use its aid as an incentive to self-help by responding with aid on a sustained basis, tailored to priority needs, to those countries making serious efforts in self-help. In many instances it can UNK or limit its aid to countries not yet willing to make such efforts. There are other countries where, with skillful diplomacy, we may be able by our aid to give encouragement to those groups in government which would like to press forward with economic and social reform measures to promote growth. Governments are rarely UNK But there will be still other countries where, despite the inadequacy of the level of UNK we shall UNK it UNK for political or military reasons, to give substantial economic assistance. Even in these cases we should promote self-help by making it clear that our supporting assistance is subject to reduction and ultimately to UNK UNK UNK A LONG-TERM UNK _1. UNK UNK A LONG-TERM UNK The most fundamental concept of the new approach to economic aid is the focusing of our attention, our resources, and our energies on the effort to promote the economic and social development of the less developed countries. This is not a short-run goal. To have any success in this effort, we must ourselves view it as an enterprise stretching over a considerable number of years, and we must encourage the recipients of our aid to view it in the same fashion. UNK OF UNK UNK WILL UNK TO THOSE UNK UNK How long it will take to show substantial success in this effort will vary greatly from country to country. In several significant cases, such as India, a decade of concentrated effort can launch these countries into a stage in which they can carry forward their own economic and social progress with little or no UNK assistance. These cases in which light is already visible at the other end of the UNK are ones which over the next few years will absorb the bulk of our capital assistance. UNK UNK WILL MOVE UNK TO THE UNK UNK The number of countries thus favorably situated is small, but their peoples constitute over half of the population of the underdeveloped world. UNK over the decade of the UNK we can hope that many other countries will ready themselves for the big push into self-sustaining growth. In still others which are barely on the threshold of the transition into UNK the decade can bring significant progress in UNK the slow process of developing their human resources and their basic services to the point where an expanded range of developmental activities is possible. UNK IS A LONG-TERM UNK The whole program must be conceived of as an effort, stretching over a considerable number of years, to alter the basic social and economic conditions in the less developed world. It must be recognized as a UNK tool designed to prevent political and military crises such as those recently confronted in Laos and Cuba. It is not a tool for dealing with these crises after they have UNK _2. THE UNK REASONS FOR A LONG-TERM UNK UNK THE NEED TO BUDGET A UNK OF UNK Many of the individual projects for which development assistance is required call for expenditures over lengthy periods. UNK river development UNK transportation UNK educational systems require years to UNK Moreover, on complex projects, design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can UNK Thus, as a development program is being launched, commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by UNK or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year. The capital expansion programs of business firms involve UNK budgeting and the same is true of country development programs. UNK THE NEED TO UNK UNK UNK More importantly, several of the more advanced of the less developed countries have found through experience that they must plan their own complex investment programs for at least 5 years forward and tentatively for considerably more than that if they are to be sure that the various interdependent activities involved are all to take place in the proper UNK Without such forward planning, investment funds are wasted because manufacturing facilities are completed before there is power to operate them or before there is transport to service them; or a skilled labor force is trained before there are plants available in which they can be employed. UNK THE NEED TO UNK UNK UNK Most important of all, the less developed countries must be persuaded to take the necessary steps to UNK and commit their own resources. They must be induced to establish the necessary tax, UNK UNK and regulatory policies. They must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section. The taking of these steps involves tough internal policy decisions. Moreover, once these steps are taken, they may require years to make themselves felt. They must, therefore, be related to long-range development plans. _3. UNK AN UNK If the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach, the United States, as the principal supplier of external aid, must be prepared to give long-term commitments. In this, as in so many aspects of our development assistance activities, the incentive effects of the posture we take are the most important ones. The extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources, to set targets toward which they should be working, to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention, and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves, all on a realistic long-term basis, will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them. If they feel that we are taking a long-term view of their problems and are prepared to enter into reasonably long-term association with them in their development activities, they will be much more likely to undertake the difficult tasks required. Perhaps the most important incentive for them will be clear evidence that where other countries have done this kind of home work we have responded with long-term commitments. You have heard him tell these young people that during his almost 50 years of service in the Congress he has seen the UNK and the UNK and the UNK the UNK and UNK and UNK come and go and that we are passing on to them the UNK Nation that mankind has ever known. Then I have seen the pride of country well in the eyes of these young people. So, I say, Mr& Speaker, God bless you and keep you for many years not only for this body but for the United States of America and the free world. You remember the words of President Kennedy a week or so ago, when someone asked him when he was in Canada, and Dean Rusk was in Europe, and Vice President UNK was in Asia, "Who is running the UNK and he said "The same fellow who has been running it, SAM UNK #GENERAL UNK TO UNK _MR& UNK Mr& Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members who desire to do so may extend their remarks at this point in the UNK and also that they may have 5 legislative days in which to extend their UNK _THE UNK UNK UNK Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from UNK There was no objection. #REMARKS OF HON& UNK P& UNK OF NEW UNK _MR& UNK It is notably significant that so many Members from both sides of the aisle express their respect and admiration for our beloved Speaker, the UNK SAM RAYBURN. I purposely UNK from adding the usual distinction of saying that he was from the State of Texas. I did so because I agree with so many here today, that he is the beloved Speaker of all the people of the United States. For the dignity, the influence, and the power of the legislative branch of our UNK it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country. To honor him is to honor ourselves. In this my first year as a Member of this body I have experienced many memorable moments. Many of these experiences are so important that they will be cherished forever by me. And, like many of you here present, I hold as the UNK of all, the occasion of my first meeting with the honorable Speaker of the House. At that time, he afforded me the courtesy of his busy UNK for such length as I may need, to speak about my background, my UNK my views on various national and local topics, and any problems that I may have been UNK with at the time. He was UNK in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel. In conclusion, he wished me well- and as kindly and humbly as this humane gentleman could express himself, he asked to be remembered to my wife and children. In my short period here I believe that at no time has he been otherwise than the most popular man on both sides of the UNK He is most effective in the ordinary business of the House, and in the legislative accomplishments of this session, he easily rose to great UNK even at the height of UNK and exciting legislative UNK and as the Nation witnessed these UNK he rose, even as admitted by those who differed with him, to the proportions of a hero and a noble UNK I am highly privileged today to UNK the brilliant career of this parliamentary UNK He will ever be my example as a true UNK one who is thoroughly human, who affects no dignity, and who is endowed with real ability, genuine worth, and UNK UNK all dedicated to secure the best interests of the country he has loved and served so long. May the Divine Speaker in Heaven bless this country with SAM RAYBURN'S continued service here for years to come. #REMARKS OF HON& UNK L& UNK OF UNK _MR& UNK It is a matter of deep personal satisfaction for me to add my voice to the great and distinguished chorus of my colleagues in this UNK of UNK respect, and affection for Speaker SAM RAYBURN. In this hour of crisis, the wisdom, the dedication, the stabilizing force that he represents in current American government is an almost indispensable source of strength. He has become in this half century the grand old man of American history. It seems to me that the prayers of the whole free world must rise like some vast petition to Providence that SAM RAYBURN'S vigor and his life remain UNK through the coming decades. Here briefly in this humble tribute I have sought for some simple and UNK UNK that would define the immense service of this patriot to his country. But the task is beyond me because I hold it impossible to UNK in a sentence or two the complicated and prodigious contributions SAM RAYBURN has made as an individual, as a legislator, as a statesman and as a leader and UNK to the majestic progress of this Nation. It happens that I am a legislator from Ohio and that I feel deeply about the needs, the aspirations, the interests of my district and my State. What SAM RAYBURN'S life proves to us all is the magnificent lesson in political science that one can UNK and with absolute dedication represent the seemingly provincial interests of one's own community, one's own district, one's own State, and by that help himself represent even better the sweep and scope of the problems of this the greatest nation of all time. For SAM RAYBURN never forgot UNK his home community, and he never forgot Texas. In the same way I like to think we owe our loyalty as legislators to our community, our district, our State. And, if we follow the RAYBURN pattern, as consciously or by an UNK political sense I like to think I have followed it, then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country. For what SAM RAYBURN'S life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district. There is no such thing as being UNK about national affairs but indifferent about home needs. The two are as one. This may not be the greatest but it certainly comes close to being the greatest lesson SAM RAYBURN'S career, up to this hour, teaches all of us who would aspire to distinction in political life under our processes of government. More than that, SAM RAYBURN is the very living symbol of an UNK integrity so powerful in his nature and so constantly demonstrated that he can count some of his best friends in the opposition. Through the most UNK battles of political controversy and the most bitterly fought national and presidential campaigns his character shines as an example of dignity and UNK UNK and UNK SAM RAYBURN has never had to look back at any of his most devastating fights and ever feel UNK of his conduct as a UNK under fire or his political manners in the heat of conflicting ambitions. This means much to the American tradition. It is an answer in its way, individual and highly dramatic, to the charge that the democratic process is necessarily vicious in its campaign characteristics. And the name RAYBURN is one of the most dominant in the history of American politics for the last half century. It is, I insist, hard to define the RAYBURN contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so UNK and because it goes so deep. But this we UNK Here is a great life that in every area of American politics gives the American people occasion for pride and that has invested the democratic process with the most decent qualities of honor, UNK and UNK I pray to God that he may be spared to us for many years to come for this is an influence the United States and the whole world can ill afford to lose. #REMARKS OF HON& UNK UNK OF UNK _MR& UNK All but two of my nine terms in the House of Representatives has been served under the UNK of SAM RAYBURN. Of this I am proud. I have a distinct admiration for this man we honor today because of the UNK with which he carries his UNK And SAM RAYBURN is a great man- one who will go down in American history as a truly great leader of the Nation. He will be considered not only great among his UNK but as great among all the Americans who have played a part in the country's history since the beginning. I pay my personal tribute to SAM RAYBURN, stalwart Texan and great American, not only because today he establishes a record of having served as Speaker of the House of Representatives more than twice as long as Henry UNK but because of the contributions he has made to the welfare of the people of the Nation during his almost half century of service as a Member of Congress. Speaker RAYBURN has not limited his leadership as a statesman to his direction of the House in the Speaker's chair. He had an outstanding record as a legislator since the start of his career in the House in 1913, the UNK Congress. No one has sponsored more progressive and important legislation than has SAM RAYBURN. He is the recognized UNK of the Rural UNK Administration and the Security and Exchange Commission. But to run the UNK of the programs SAM RAYBURN brought into being through his legislative efforts would fill the pages of today's UNK No greater pleasure has come to me in my own service in this House than to be present today to participate in this tribute to this great Speaker, this great legislator, this great UNK this great American. My sincere wish is that he continues to add to this record he sets here today. #REMARKS OF HON& JOHN S& UNK OF UNK _MR& UNK SAM RAYBURN is one of the greatest American public figures in the history of our country and I consider that I have been UNK honored in the privilege of knowing SAM RAYBURN and sharing with him the rights and obligations of a Member of the House of Representatives in the Congress of the United States. Others may speak of Speaker RAYBURN'S uniquely long and devoted UNK of his championship of many of the progressive social measures which UNK our statute books today, and of his cooperation in times of UNK with Presidents of both of our major parties in helping to pilot the UNK of State through the UNK of today's UNK international seas. I prefer to speak, however, of SAM RAYBURN, the person, rather than SAM RAYBURN, the American institution. Although SAM RAYBURN affects a UNK exterior in many instances, nevertheless he is fundamentally a man of warm heart and gentle disposition. No one could be more devoted than he to the American Congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world, and I shall never forget his moving talks, delivered in simple yet eloquent words, upon the meaning of our jobs as Representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government. Above all, he is a person to whom a UNK Representative can go to discuss the personal and professional problems which inevitably confront a new UNK In this role of father UNK he has always been most characteristic and most helpful. On September 16, SAM RAYBURN will have served as Speaker twice as long as any predecessor and I am proud to join with others in marking this date, and in expressing my esteem for that notable American, SAM RAYBURN. UNK OF STATE UNK UNK The practice of state-owned vehicles for use of employees on business dates back over forty years. At least one state vehicle was in existence in 1917. The state presently owns UNK passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940. The automobile maintenance unit, or motor pool, came into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized maintenance and management of state-owned transportation since that time. The motor pool has made exceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems, records UNK analyses of vehicle use, and effecting economies in vehicle operation. UNK were operated in 1959 for an average UNK per mile. Purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state UNK Unit prices to the state are considerably lower than to the general public because of quantity purchases and no payment of state sales or federal excise taxes. UNK PURCHASE, UNK AND USE UNK The UNK role in policy determination concerning state-owned vehicles has been confined almost exclusively to UNK funds for vehicles. The meaningful policies governing the purchase, assignment, use and management of state vehicles have been shaped by the state's administrative officers. UNK policies include: (a) kinds of cars the state should own, (b) when cars should be traded, (c) the need and assignment of vehicles, (d) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances, UNK employees taking cars home, and UNK need for liability insurance on state automobiles. A review of these policies UNK _(1)_ The state purchases and assigns grades of cars according to need and position status of driver and use of UNK _(2)_ The purchase of compact UNK cars is being made currently on a test basis. _(3)_ UNK are traded mostly on a three-year basis in the interest of economy. _(4)_ The factors governing need and assignment of cars are flexible according to circumstances. _(5)_ UNK efforts have been made to replace high mileage allowances with state automobiles. _(6)_ It is reasonably economical for the state to have drivers garage state cars at their homes. UNK The state has recently undertaken liability insurance for drivers of state cars. UNK UNK IN OTHER UNK A survey of practices and/or policies in other states concerning assignment and use of state automobiles reveals several points for comparison with Rhode Island's practices. UNK states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business. Two other states provide vehicles, but only with legislative approval. States which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency, the individual, or to a central pool. UNK states operate a central motor pool for UNK allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles. Nineteen states report laws, policies or regulations for assigning state vehicles in lieu of paying mileage allowances. Of these states the average UNK point (at which a car is substituted for UNK is UNK miles per year. UNK UNK UNK allowances for state employees are of two types: (a) actual mileage and (b) fixed monthly allowances. Actual mileage allowances are itemized UNK allowed employees for the use of personally-owned vehicles on state business at the rate of .07@ per mile. Fixed monthly allowances are UNK for the same purpose except on a UNK basis. Both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's Travel UNK Rhode Island's UNK rate of .07@ per mile for use of personally-owned cars compares favorably with other states' rates. The average of states' rates is UNK per mile. Rhode Island's rate of .07@ per mile is considerably lower than UNK rates in the federal government and in industry nationally which approximate a UNK per mile average. Actual mileage allowances are UNK and not unduly expensive for the state. The travel regulations, requirements and procedures governing UNK are controlled properly and not overly UNK Fixed monthly allowances are a controversial subject. They have a great advantage in ease of UNK time and payment. However, they lend themselves to abuse and inadequate control measures. UNK payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment of state-owned vehicles. UNK UNK Travel allowances, including UNK have been revised by administrative officials recently and compare favorably with other states' allowances. With few exceptions travelers on state business are allowed actual travel expenses and $15 per day UNK Travel allowances are UNK and pose little problem in administration and/or UNK control. UNK OF STATE UNK UNK UNK UNK It is difficult to pinpoint the time of origin of the state purchasing automobiles for use of employees in Rhode Island. Few records are available concerning the subject prior to 1940. Those that are available shed little light. The Registry of Motor UNK indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917. It should be enough to say that the practice of the state buying automobiles is at least forty years old. The best reason that can be advanced for the state adopting the practice was the advent of expanded highway construction during the UNK and UNK At that time highway engineers traveled rough and dirty roads to accomplish their duties. Using UNK vehicles was a personal hardship for such employees, and the matter of providing state transportation was felt perfectly UNK Once the principle was established, the increase in state-owned vehicles came rapidly. And reasons other than employee need contributed to the growth. Table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees. This rate of increase does not UNK anything in itself. It does not indicate loose management, UNK controls or poor policy. But it does show that automobiles have increased steadily over the years and in almost the same proportion to the increase of state employees. In the past twenty years the ratio of state-owned automobiles per state employees has varied from 1 to 22 then to 1 to 23 now. Whether there were too few automobiles in 1940 or too many now is UNK The fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have remained in practically the same proportion as employees to use them. UNK AND UNK OF THE UNK UNK While the origin of state-owned automobiles may be UNK subsequent developments concerning the assignment, use, and management of state automobiles can be related more clearly. Prior to 1942, automobiles were the individual responsibility of the agency to which assigned. This responsibility included all phases of management. It embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade vehicles, who was to UNK when and where repairs were to be made, where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters. In 1942, however, the nation was at war. UNK and automobile tires were UNK commodities. The state was confronted with transportation problems similar to those of the individual. It met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit UNK popularly called the motor UNK a centralized operation for the maintenance and control of all state transportation. The motor pool then, as now, had UNK facilities in Providence and other garages located throughout the state. It was UNK the responsibility of the Department of Public Works and was financed on a rotary fund basis with each agency of government contributing to the pool's operation. In 1951 the pool's operation was transferred to the UNK Department of Administration, an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government. The management of state-owned vehicles since that time has been described in a recent report in the following UNK " Under this new management considerable progress appears to have been made. The agencies of government are now billed for the actual cost of services provided to each passenger car rather than the prior uniform charge for all cars. Whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations, the introduction of the UNK system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis. One indication of the merits of the new management is found in the fact that during the period UNK while total annual mileage put on the vehicles increased UNK the total maintenance cost increased only UNK " In order to further refine the management of passenger vehicles, on July 1, 1958, the actual title to every vehicle was UNK by Executive UNK to the Division of UNK Research and Office UNK The objective behind this action was to place in one agency the responsibility for the management, assignment, and replacement of all vehicles. UNK So far as State Police cars are concerned, only their replacement is under this UNK This tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs (in light of UNK become UNK Moreover, it allows the present management to UNK vehicles so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the UNK for example, if one driver puts on UNK miles per year and another driver 8,000 miles per year, their cars will be switched so that both cars will have 30,000 miles after two years, rather than UNK miles (and related higher maintenance UNK and 16,000 miles UNK The motor pool is a completely centralized and mechanized operation. It handles all types of vehicle UNK but concentrates more on UNK station UNK than on extensive vehicle UNK It contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work. Where the pool UNK is in its compilation of maintenance and UNK studies and analyses. UNK records reveal in detail the cost per mile and miles per gallon of each vehicle, the miles traveled in one year or three years, the periods when vehicle costs become excessive, and when cars should be traded for sound UNK From this, motor pool personnel develop other meaningful and related data. In UNK vehicles averaged an operating cost of UNK per mile. Based on this figure and considering depreciation costs of vehicles, pool personnel have determined that travel in excess of 10,000 miles annually is more economical by state car than by payment of allowances for use of personally-owned vehicles. They estimate further that with sufficient experience and when UNK of compact cars is UNK the UNK point may be reduced to UNK miles of travel per year. Table 2 shows operating cost data of state vehicles selected at random. One matter of concern to the complete effectiveness of pool operations is the lack of adequate central garage facilities. Present pool quarters at two locations in Providence are UNK antiquated and, in general, make for inefficient operation in terms of UNK of personnel and duplication of such operational needs as stock and repair equipment. Good facilities would be a decided help to pool operations and probably reduce vehicle costs even more. UNK UNK The purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state. Requests are made by the motor pool along with any necessary cooperation from the agencies to which assignments of cars will be made. UNK are evaluated by the Division of UNK with the assistance of pool staff, and awards for the purchase of the automobiles are made to the lowest responsible UNK Unit prices for state vehicles are invariably lower than to the general public. The reasons are UNK (1) the state is buying in quantity, and (2) it has no federal excise or state sales tax to pay. Until 1958 the state was also entitled to a special type of UNK discount through the UNK In that ownership of all vehicles rests with the state motor pool, cars are paid for with funds appropriated to the agencies but transferred to the rotary fund mentioned earlier. This is a normal governmental procedure which reflects more accurately UNK principles. The assignment and use of vehicles after purchase is another matter to be covered in detail later. UNK PURCHASE, UNK AND USE POLICIES# Probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase, assignment, use, and management of state vehicles. The UNK role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of vehicles. The more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state- the Director of Administration. #THE RHODE ISLAND UNK UNK There was a time some years ago when local taxation by the cities and towns was sufficient to support their own operations and a part of the cost of the state government as well. For many years a state tax on cities and towns was paid by the several municipalities to the state from the proceeds of the general property tax. This tax was discontinued in UNK Since that time the demands of the citizens for new and expanded services have placed financial burdens on the state which could not have been foreseen in earlier years. At the same time there has been an UNK and expansion of municipal services as well. Thus, there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and, in addition, must give assistance to its local governments. This financial assistance from the state has become necessary because the local governments themselves found the property tax, or at least at the rates then UNK insufficient for their requirements. UNK there have developed several forms of UNK and shared taxes, as well as the unrestricted grant to local governments for general purposes whose adoption accompanied the introduction of a sales tax at the state level. UNK state aid, the local governments are continuing to seek additional revenue of their own by strengthening the property tax. This is being done both by the UNK of real property and by seeking out forms of personal property hitherto neglected or ignored. UNK of tangible movable property in Rhode Island has been generally of a UNK UNK nature due possibly to several reasons: (1) local assessors, in the main, are not well paid and have inadequate office UNK (2) the numerous categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult, and (3) the UNK of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property. UNK OF UNK PERSONAL PROPERTY._ Among the many problems in the taxing of personal property, and of movable tangible property in particular, two are significant: (1) UNK (2) fair and equitable assessment of value. These problems are not local to Rhode Island, but are recognized as common to all states. UNK OF PROPERTY._ Although the laws of the various states, in general, specify the situs of property, i&e&, residence or UNK of the owner, or location of the property, the exceptions regarding boats, airplanes, mobile homes, etc&, seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper UNK point for UNK Rhode Island law UNK that all real estate is taxable in the town in which it is UNK It also provides for the taxation of all personal property, belonging to inhabitants of the state, both tangible and UNK and the tangible personal property of UNK in this state. In defining personal property, it specifically mentions "all ships or UNK at home or UNK UNK property is taxable wherever the owner has a place of abode the greater portion of the year. Although a similar situs for tangible property is mentioned in the UNK this is UNK out by the provision that definite kinds of property "and all other tangible property" situated or being in any town is taxable where the property is UNK This would seem to fix the tax situs of all movable personal property at its location on December 31. Both boats and aircraft would fall within this category, as well as motor vehicles. The location of the latter now is determined for tax purposes at the time of UNK and it is now accepted practice to consider a motor vehicle as being situated where it is UNK Obviously, it would be impossible to determine where every vehicle might be on the UNK day of December. In view of the acceptance accorded the status of motor vehicles for tax purposes, in the absence of any specific provision it would seem entirely consistent to apply the same interpretation to boats or aircraft. A recent example of this problem is the flying of six airplanes, on December 31, 1960, from the Newport UNK in UNK to the North Central Airport in UNK This situation resulted in both towns claiming the tax, and probably UNK UNK bases its claim on the general provision of the law that "all UNK property, both tangible and UNK shall be taxed to the owner thereof in the town in which such owner shall have had his actual place of abode for the larger portion of the twelve UNK months next preceding the first day of April in each year". The UNK tax UNK in turn, claims the tax under the provision of law "**h and all other tangible personal property situated or being in any town, in or upon any **h place of storage **h shall be taxed to such person **h in the town where said property is UNK UNK OF UNK This problem of fair and equitable assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors, who in general are UNK and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem. This accounts for the wide UNK in assessment practices of movable tangible property in the various municipalities in Rhode Island. This condition will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uniform system of evaluation is established, or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard assessment practice to be UNK The Rhode Island Public UNK Council in its publication once UNK " The most realistic way of facing up to this problem would be to have the State take over full responsibility for assessing all taxable property. An adequately staffed and equipped State assessing office could apply uniform methods and standards which would go far toward producing equitable assessments on all properties throughout the State. A single statewide assessing unit would eliminate the differences and UNK that are inherent in a system of 39 different and independent assessing UNK The Institute of Public Administration, in its report to the State UNK Study Commission in 1959, recommended UNK and UNK all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job". The resulting UNK it was declared, UNK be similar to that which is in successful operation in a number of metropolitan counties as large or larger than Rhode UNK UNK IN RHODE UNK To determine the practice and attitude of municipal governments concerning tangible movable property, a questionnaire was sent to all local government assessors or boards of assessors in Rhode Island. The replies from each individual town are not given in detail because the questions asked the personal opinion of the several assessors and are not necessarily the established policy of the town in each case. There are legitimate reasons for differences of opinion among the assessors as a whole and among the public officials in each town. These opinions of the assessors are of significance in indicating what their thinking seems to be at the present time. In reply to a question of whether they now tax boats, airplanes and other movable property excluding automobiles, nineteen said that they did and twenty that they did not. The UNK of the question was quite general and may have been subject to different UNK One UNK checked boats only, another trailers and UNK one mentioned house trailers, and two others referred to trailers without specifying the type. In two cases, airplanes only were indicated. It is difficult to UNK exactly what was meant in each individual situation, but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property, and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes. UNK were indicated specifically by only one of the five towns known to tax boats. It would seem, then, that movable property and equipment is not taxed as a whole but that certain types are taxed in towns where this is bound to be expedient for that particular kind of personal property. So few answered the question relating to their efforts to assess movable property that the results are UNK Only four towns indicated that they made any more than a normal effort to list property of this kind. Of greater interest is a question as to whether movable property was assessed according to its location or ownership. Fifteen stated that it was according to location, four by residence of the owner, and nineteen did not answer. UNK assessors stated that they were in favor of improved means for assessing movable personal property, and only five were UNK Seven others expressed no opinion. On this point there was fairly general agreement that assessors would like to do more than they are doing now. It is not clear, however, whether they are thinking of all movable property or only of boats, trailers, aircraft or certain other types of personal property whose assessment would be advantageous to their particular towns. Another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the residence of the UNK UNK voted for assessment by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred assessment by the town in which the owner UNK Ten others made no reply. Of those who have an opinion, it seems that assessment by location is UNK There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date. To UNK it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property, that assessors would like to see an UNK and of those who have an opinion, that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge. The need for greater knowledge is evident from their UNK UNK AS PERSONAL UNK UNK OF UNK Interest has been shown for a number of years by local assessors in the possibility of taxing boats. UNK in Rhode Island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property, but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax "a sum not less than nor more UNK a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting. It has been obvious to the assessors, particularly those in shore communities, that boats comprise the largest category of tangible personal property which they have been unable to reach. Through their professional organization, the Rhode Island Tax Officials Association the question of taxing boats long has been debated and UNK No satisfactory solution has been found, but this is due more to the difficulties inherent in the problem than to a lack of interest or UNK on the part of the UNK It has been estimated that the value of boats in Rhode Island waters is something in excess of fifty million dollars, excluding commercial boats. It is obvious that this is a potential and UNK source of revenue for the assessors of those towns where a substantial amount of such property would be subject to UNK It is known that at least five towns UNK Bristol, UNK Newport and UNK place some value on some boats for tax purposes. However, few are UNK and the owners and location of most boats are unknown to the assessors on the date of assessment of town UNK No one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their aggregate value may be. UNK more than 5,000 boats were registered with the Coast Guard prior to the recent passage of the state boating law. Only a few more than 10,000 boats had been registered with the Division of UNK and UNK at the end of the 1960 boating season, but many had been taken out of the water early when the threat of a hurricane brought the season to an early close. The UNK association, meeting at Narragansett in September 1960, devoted its session to a discussion of the boat problem. Local industry's investment in Rhode Island was the big story in 1960's industrial development effort. UNK companies started or committed themselves to new plant construction, totaling UNK square feet and representing an investment of UNK a new post-World War /2, record. With minor exceptions, this expansion was instituted either by firms based in Rhode Island or out-of-state manufacturers already operating here. What made these new location figures particularly impressive was the fact that although 1960 was a year of mild business recession throughout the nation, Rhode Island scored marked progress in new industry, new plants, and new jobs. Of the major expansions in 1960, three were financed under the R& I& Industrial Building Authority's 100% guaranteed mortgage UNK UNK UNK Leesona Corporation, and American UNK + UNK UNK firms that arranged their own financing included UNK Corporation, UNK UNK Inc& Division of UNK Narragansett Gray Iron UNK W& R& UNK Company, and Mays UNK Company. UNK and UNK of industry in Rhode Island is the direct responsibility of the Development Council's Industrial Division, and the figures quoted above indicate a successful year's operation. Industrial Division personnel worked with UNK out-of-state and 97 Rhode Island concerns during 1960, many of whom are still interested in a Rhode Island location. They are conscious of this state's new feeling of optimism and assurance and are definitely impressed by the number of new plants and construction projects in Rhode Island. UNK TO SMALL BUSINESS# Although much of the Industrial UNK promotional effort is devoted to securing new locations and expansions by major industries, small business is also afforded considerable attention. Our Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce carries on a vigorous program, directly aimed at solving and UNK the problems of manufacturers in the lower employment categories. A primary function is the operation of a Government UNK Center, which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies. UNK is rendered to interested Rhode Island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid UNK where to obtain UNK and UNK concerning UNK During the past year, UNK government bid invitations were received and UNK procurement leads were mailed to Rhode Island manufacturers. In addition, the UNK domestic trade program provided consultant services to those seeking information on establishment of new UNK how and where to apply for financial UNK details on UNK information concerning patents, UNK and trade UNK availability of technical reports, and other subjects of interest to small business. The Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce is also active in the field of international trade, assisting Rhode Island firms in developing and enlarging markets abroad. This office UNK with the U& S& Department of Commerce in giving statewide coverage to services which include: statistics on markets UNK locating foreign agents, UNK UNK UNK information on foreign and domestic import duties and regulations, UNK UNK and establishing of branch representatives or plants abroad, and UNK requirements concerning export shipments and arrangements for payment. During the year 1960, this office supplied UNK visitors with information related to foreign and domestic commerce, and made UNK field visits. UNK UNK Our media advertising continued, during 1960, its previous effective program that stressed such UNK as 100% UNK plant UNK and location advantages. We also continued to run a series of ads featuring UNK of Rhode Island by UNK who had recently established new plants here. To reach a still greater audience of UNK manufacturers, our industrial advertising budget for the fiscal year was increased from UNK to UNK and the Industrial Building Authority's financial participation was UNK from UNK to UNK Newspaper advertising was mainly concentrated in the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal UNK and UNK UNK which averaged two prominent ads per month, and to a lesser degree the New York Herald UNK and, for the west coast, the Los Angeles Times and the Wall Street Journal UNK Coast UNK In addition to the regular schedule, advertisements were run for maximum impact in special editions of the New York Times, Boston UNK American UNK UNK News and, for local promotion, the Providence Sunday Journal. UNK advertising included Management UNK the New Englander, U& S& UNK and UNK UNK The direct mail campaign consisted of 3 UNK state UNK of UNK letters each and 6 out-of-state directed to UNK plastics, UNK and business machine manufacturers, and to UNK These totaled UNK pieces of UNK The 1960 advertising campaign brought a total of UNK UNK UNK from media and 75 from direct mail. Two hundred and nineteen were received from 35 of our 50 United States and 11 came from foreign countries. New York led in the number of UNK followed by California, New Jersey, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania. Among foreign countries responding were Germany, Canada, Brazil and India. UNK UNK An important operation in UNK industrial locations involves what we term UNK UNK by one of this UNK industrial promotion UNK These consist of UNK without previous UNK on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas. More than 25 carefully selected cities were UNK including New York, Brooklyn, Long Island City, Newark, UNK Stamford, UNK New UNK UNK Boston, Cambridge, UNK and UNK Out of a total of UNK calls, UNK contacts were established with top executive personnel. We received 76 out-of-state visitors interested in investigating Rhode Island's industrial UNK and Industrial Division personnel made 55 out-of-state follow-up visits. UNK UNK During 1960, two important conferences were organized by the Development Council's Industrial Division. In June, the Office of Foreign and Domestic UNK in conjunction with local trade associations, chambers of commerce, and bank UNK sponsored a World Trade Conference at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel. Its purpose was to find ways of UNK the United States' declining balance of trade for 1958 and 1959. Approximately 100 representatives of business attended this UNK and the R& I& UNK Conference Committee later voted to continue the activity as an annual event. On October UNK of last year, the Industrial Division sponsored the Governor's Conference on Industrial Development at the former Henry Barnard UNK A comprehensive program devoted to the various phases of the development effort attracted UNK interested individuals. UNK sessions included addresses by Ward Miller, Jr& of the U& S& Dept& of Commerce. Richard UNK executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission, and Edwin C& UNK of General Electric Company. Workshop sessions in the afternoon featured development executives from Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Maine, and rounded out a UNK program. In connection with this conference, a UNK supplement was published in the October UNK edition of the Providence Sunday Journal. UNK to the improvement in business climate and increase in industrial construction in Rhode Island, it has proved a valuable mailing piece for this Division. More than 2000 copies have been sent out to prospective UNK UNK AND UNK Other special UNK by the Industrial Division included copies of speeches delivered at the Governor's Conference, letters and UNK to UNK at UNK Symposium at University of Rhode Island and letters and UNK of industrial advertisements to such organizations as Society of Industrial UNK UNK copies of the R& I& UNK of Manufacturers were UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK The Industrial Division published, in 1960, a new, attractive industrial UNK UNK UNK Right For UNK and prepared copy for a new edition of the UNK of Manufacturers (to be printed UNK and for a new space UNK Additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for Operation UNK the new UNK post office, and a conference with representatives of Brown University, Providence College, and University of Rhode Island, and eight electronics concerns regarding the UNK of a training program for electronics personnel. UNK UNK UNK in its simplest terms, the main job of the Planning Division is to plan for the future of the State of Rhode Island. The activities of the Planning Division are defined in considerable detail in the enabling act of the Development Council, which assigns to the agency both broad responsibilities and specific duties in the field of planning. Two years ago, the Institute of Public Administration issued an extremely comprehensive report entitled UNK Relations in Metropolitan Rhode Island. As the result of an UNK review of the recommendations contained in this report, plus an analysis of our own enabling act, the Planning Division developed a number of basic planning objectives which caused a UNK of its work program. These objectives are stated here because of their importance in understanding the current activities of the Planning Division. _(1)_ First priority will be given to the preparation of a meaningful state guide plan to serve as a background for all other planning activities in the state. _(2)_ Recognizing the truth of the statement by the Institute of Public Administration that UNK Planning (in Rhode UNK means, or should mean, state UNK the state guide plan will take into account the metropolitan nature of many of Rhode Island's problems. _(3)_ It will continue to be an objective of this division to encourage the acceptance of planning as a proper and continuing responsibility of local government. To this end, the community assistance program of the planning division will continue to be operated as a staff function to make available, on a shared cost basis, technical planning assistance to those communities in the state unable to maintain their own planning staff. _(4)_ The planning division will take the initiative in encouraging planning cooperation at all levels of government; among the operating departments of the state; between the cities and towns of the state; and on a regional basis between the six New England states. _(5)_ On the basis that all citizens of the state are entitled to benefit equally in the development of its resources, plans for the provision of essential services (such as UNK will be based on need regardless of arbitrary political boundaries, within the framework of the state plan. _(6)_ The state development budget will reflect the capital needs of all the state agencies and the priority of the projects in the budget will be based on the state plan. UNK In preparing the state guide plan, particular attention will be given means of strengthening the economy of the state through the development of industry and recreation. UNK the planning division carries out four UNK long-range state planning, current state planning, local planning UNK and the preparation of the state development budget. UNK RANGE STATE UNK The planning division has UNK on the most complete and comprehensive state planning program in the nation. The long range aspects of this program are divided into four distinct UNK basic UNK UNK analysis and plan and policy UNK The work program, as it was originally proposed, was to take five years to complete. Recent UNK particularly the necessity of providing planning information for the statewide UNK study of the Department of Public UNK indicate that this schedule will have to be UNK The basic mapping phase of the program has been completed and the inventory phase is scheduled for completion July 1, 1961. UNK UNK Since accurate base maps are necessary for any planning program, the first step taken by the planning division to implement the long range state plan has been to prepare two series of base UNK one at a scale of 1 inch to a UNK and the second a series of 26 sheets at a scale of 1 inch to 2000 feet, covering the entire state. With these maps completed, the inventory phase of the plan has been started. UNK With the aid of matching federal funds available under Section UNK of the Housing Act of 1954 as UNK the planning division began a one year program July 1, 1960 to complete the inventory phase of the state planning program. this phase consists of four UNK urban land use, rural land use, physical features and public utility service areas. Since the validity of all subsequent planning depends on the accuracy of the basic inventory information, great care is being taken that the inventory is as complete as possible. The urban land use study carried out by the planning division staff has consisted of identifying and mapping all urban land uses which are of significance to statewide planning. The rural land use study is being carried out under contract by the University of Rhode Island and identifies all agricultural land uses in the state by type of use. The mapping of important physical features such as slopes and types of soil and the collection of all available information pertaining to public utility service areas are being conducted as staff projects and, like the other two inventory projects, are scheduled for completion July 1, 1961. _ANALYSIS_ The collection of information is meaningless unless it is understood and used for a definite purpose. UNK UNK IN RHODE UNK It is not within the scope of this report elaborate in any great detail upon special districts in Rhode Island. However, a word should be mentioned in regard to them as independent units of government. There are UNK special district governments in Rhode Island (excluding two regional school districts, four housing authorities, and the Kent County Water UNK These UNK special purpose governments have the authority to levy taxes, to borrow money, own property, sue and be UNK and in general to exercise normal corporate powers. Unlike cities and towns, however, they do not have to submit any financial statements to the state Bureau of UNK It is not an exaggeration to say that the state government has little or no fiscal control over these units of government. In addition to the collection of service charges, the special districts levy annual property taxes of approximately UNK UNK UNK IN OTHER UNK UNK UNK A review of practices in other states regarding fiscal uniformity is pertinent to this report. Included in the findings are: _1._ UNK states, including Rhode Island, end their fiscal year on June 30. The other four states end on varying UNK Alabama (Sept& UNK New York UNK UNK Pennsylvania UNK UNK and Texas UNK UNK _2._ In sixteen states, the fiscal year ending of the cities UNK 30) is the same as that of the state: Alaska, Arizona, California, Delaware, Massachusetts, UNK Nevada, New UNK North Carolina, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon, Vermont, West Virginia, UNK and UNK _3._ In eleven states, the fiscal year of the cities ends on December 31, while the state fiscal year ends on June 30 UNK Colorado, Indiana, Kansas, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Ohio, South Dakota, UNK Washington, and UNK _4._ In eight states whose fiscal years close on June 30, a majority of their cities close their fiscal year on December UNK UNK UNK Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Minnesota, Virginia, and South UNK _5._ One state, Alabama, closes its fiscal year on September 30, and all cities in the state, with one exception, also close fiscal years on September 30. _6._ Mississippi closes its fiscal year on June 30, while all of its cities close their fiscal years on September 30. _7._ Pennsylvania closes its fiscal year on May 31. All of its cities close their fiscal years on December 31. The remaining twelve states have varying fiscal years for the state, city and local governments. However, only Illinois, Oregon, Louisiana and Rhode Island have a situation in which the sundry units of government vary widely in relation to fiscal uniformity. UNK UNK UNK AND UNK UNK An excellent summary of advantages concerning the uniform fiscal year and coordinated fiscal calendars was contained in a paper presented by a public finance authority recently. He listed among the values of fiscal UNK _1._ The uniform fiscal year requires compliance with common sense administration of local UNK adoption of the budget, or financial plan, in advance of spending. _2._ The uniform fiscal year UNK UNK with another common sense rule, that of having cash in the bank before checks are drawn. It enables towns to make more economical purchases and to take advantage of cash UNK _3._ The uniform fiscal year promotes more careful budgeting and strengthens control over expenditures. By fixing the tax rate in advance of spending, upper limits are set on expenditures. _4._ The uniform fiscal year brings the town's fiscal year into line with that of the schools, which UNK the largest share of local UNK This greatly UNK the town's bookkeeping and financial UNK _5._ The uniform fiscal year eliminates interest charges on money borrowed in the form of tax anticipation notes. Furthermore, tax collections not immediately needed for current expenditures may be invested in short-term UNK notes, UNK the town's miscellaneous revenues and reducing the tax UNK _6._ The uniform fiscal year UNK UNK comparison of revenues and expenditures. When towns have the same fiscal year it is relatively easy to make meaningful UNK and as the cost of local government increases, the demand for such comparison also increases. UNK having different fiscal years are difficult to UNK Of all UNK probably none is more important than the elimination of tax anticipation notes. UNK in anticipation of current taxes and other revenues is a routine procedure of the majority of municipalities at all times. It may be by bank loans, sale of notes or warrants, or by the somewhat casual method of issuance and registration of UNK In any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered UNK Its elimination would result in the saving of interest costs, heavy when short-term money rates are high, and in freedom from dependence on credit which is not always available when needed most. This type of borrowing can be reduced to a minimum if quarterly installment payment of taxes is instituted and the first payment placed near the opening of the fiscal year. Any approach toward such a system looks toward saving and security. It should be noted that there are other and equally important reasons for establishing meaningful UNK reporting bases on a uniform fiscal year. Both the federal and state governments UNK their fiscal years on July 1. Both units of government contribute increasingly large sums of money to the several local governments in this state as indicated below: @ It has been said that when local government revenues were mostly produced locally from the property tax, the lack of a uniform fiscal year was no great UNK but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid, the emphasis on UNK and the UNK sharing of responsibility for certain important functions, this is no longer true. The UNK fiscal year calendar is an obstacle to the planning of clear and efficient UNK revenue and expenditure relationships. UNK Although there are many sound reasons for adopting uniform and coordinated fiscal years in Rhode Island, there are also certain difficulties encountered. These involve more the mechanics employed in adjusting to fiscal uniformity than they do actual actual disadvantages to the principle. One problem is a matter of shifting UNK the other, is how to finance the transition. Little can be done about the changing of dates. This is an inherent part of adjusting fiscal calendars. It usually means a confused and UNK UNK public for a period of time. But cooperation and understanding between local officials and the citizenry help lessen this problem. The other problem is the matter of financing the transition period in the several cities and towns. This will be covered more fully later. It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city. Fortunately, there are no cities or towns in the state, with one or two possible exceptions that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change. UNK will have to be made in some cases, but it is to the UNK advantage to finance the UNK for a short period of time rather than pay interest on tax anticipation notes UNK UNK THE UNK UNK The advantages of a uniform fiscal year and well UNK fiscal and tax collection calendars are sufficiently great for Rhode Island municipalities to exert effort to secure them. The type of program desired can be determined by the nature and extent of the adjustments needed. Two features are immediately evident. First, the present situation is too varied to be UNK by any single formula. Second, the shift to a uniform July 1-June 30 fiscal year will, of itself, improve the tax collection calendars of the great majority of cities and towns. There are at least two problems to UNK one is a matter of adjusting the fiscal UNK the other is how to finance the adjustments when necessary. The latter matter is considered in detail in a later section. UNK cities and towns in Rhode Island presently indicate some plans to establish a uniform and/or coordinated fiscal-tax year calendar. Plans vary from the UNK UNK to establishing special committees to accomplish this end. What is important here is that many of the cities and towns recognize the need for improved fiscal practices and are taking the initiative to obtain them. An analysis of the fiscal-tax collection year calendars throughout the state indicates that transition may not be as painful as is commonly thought. However, it must be stressed that much depends upon the financial condition of the individual cities and towns involved. The adjustments needed to establish a uniform and coordinated fiscal-tax collection year calendar throughout Rhode Island, based on a July 1-June 30 year, are shown below. UNK UNK UNK Six cities and towns are presently on a July 1-June 30 fiscal year and have coordinated their tax collection year with it. No change is required for these towns. These municipalities include: UNK Lincoln, UNK Newport, North UNK and South UNK UNK OF UNK UNK One town and one city, UNK and East Providence, require an adjustment of their fiscal year only. This change will automatically adjust their tax collection year calendar so as to make all tax UNK due and payable in the fiscal year UNK within that year. UNK OF TAX UNK UNK Six cities and towns are now on a July 1-June 30 fiscal year and will need only to adjust their tax collection year calendar to establish uniformity. These cities and towns include Bristol, UNK UNK UNK Central UNK and UNK UNK UNK Two cities to be considered, Providence and Cranston, are an UNK Both have excellent integration of their fiscal-tax collection year calendars. However, neither of these two cities is on the desired July 1-June 30 fiscal year. The adjustment to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easy for them. In that both cities end their fiscal years on September 30, they could levy taxes for an interim period of nine months, commencing with September 30 and ending with June 30. These three installment dates would be: October 26, January 26, and April 25 UNK and November 15, February 16 and May 15 UNK Both would start their new fiscal year on July 1. Their tax collection calendar could then be: July 25, October 26, January 26, and April 25, UNK and August 15, November 15, February 17, and May 15, UNK Under this plan both Cranston and Providence would be on the uniform fiscal year but would still be using the same installment periods. UNK UNK The remaining twenty-three towns have fiscal years which end prior to June 30. All of these towns will require adjustments of both their fiscal and tax collection years. Assuming an adjustment to the July 1-June 30 fiscal year, the required adjustment of the tax collection years and the towns involved are shown in Table 3. UNK OF UNK UNK Aside from the matter of adjusting the fiscal and tax UNK there is the problem of financing the adjustment when this is necessary. It should be emphasized strongly that adjustments in fiscal dates or adoption of interim budgets UNK not UNK mean financing over and above normal governmental requirements. In many communities there is simply no financial problem; it is only a matter of adjusting accounting methods, careful fiscal planning and management, or some like combination of techniques. In other municipalities the difficulties in overcoming the financial burden have been sufficiently great to UNK proponents of fiscal year changes. Fortunately, such cases in Rhode Island are more the exception than the rule. As shown earlier in Table 1, the several cities and towns use widely varied fiscal and tax collection calendars. In addition, no two Rhode Island communities are identical in relation to their over-all financial condition. These factors practically insure that no single financing formula is UNK each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax UNK the financial condition of the UNK and the length of the transition interval. UNK plans range from those that are very easy to develop to those that are difficult to formulate and require borrowing ranging from short-term serial notes to long-term bonds. The financial problem, where it exists, usually stems from the adoption of a budget for the transitional or adjustment period. For those communities which have financial difficulties in effecting UNK there are a number of alternatives any one of which alone, or in combination with others, would minimize if not even eliminate the problem. UNK ISLAND UNK WEEK PROCLAMATION BY JOHN A& UNK GOVERNOR# The theme of Rhode Island Heritage Week for 1961 will be UNK and Union". It UNK the UNK anniversary of Rhode Island's Independence when, upon May 4, UNK the General Assembly, by its action, established the first free republic in the New UNK As this year marks the centennial of the beginning of the Civil War, this fact is being UNK with several exhibits throughout the State, but most of all paying tribute to the first Rhode Island UNK who rushed to the defense of the City of Washington, putting at the disposal of President Lincoln the only fully equipped and best trained regiment at this time. On April 30, ceremonies UNK the departure of these volunteers will take place at UNK P&M& at the UNK Training Grounds in Providence. The Independence Day celebration will be properly observed with a big military and civic parade from West Warwick to the Greene UNK in UNK AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM THE WEEK OF APRIL UNK TO MAY UNK 1961, AS RHODE ISLAND UNK WEEK, UNK our citizens that throughout this week many historic houses and beautiful gardens will be open to visitors as well as industrial plants, craft shops, museums and libraries and I earnestly urge all to take advantage of these opportunities to see as many of these places as they can during this outstanding week. IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of April, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and on Independence, the one hundred and UNK Governor UNK FORCES DAY PROCLAMATION BY JOHN A& NOTTE, JR& GOVERNOR# The year 1961 marks the UNK anniversary of the unification of our Armed Forces under the National Security Act of 1947. National defense, like the continuing search for peace with freedom and justice for all, is UNK business". Our investment in this effort, the greatest in our Nation's history, reflects our determination to ensure the peace and the future of freedom. It is a sound investment. As the President has said, "only when our arms are sufficient beyond doubt can we be certain that they will never be UNK Armed Forces Day is the annual report on this investment, a public presentation designed to give our own people, and the people of other lands who stand with us for peace with freedom and justice, the best possible opportunity to see and understand what we have and why we have it. It is the purpose of Armed Forces Day to give Americans an opportunity to honor men of the Armed Forces, those who have made the supreme UNK those who remain to preserve our security. Freedom depends upon them; NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM UNK MAY UNK 1961, AS UNK FORCES DAY, reminding our citizens that we should UNK ourselves to our UNK respecting the uniforms as the guardians of our precious liberty. IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 17th day of May, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth. Governor UNK UNK DAY PROCLAMATION BY JOHN A& NOTTE, JR& GOVERNOR# The President of the United States, pursuant to a Joint UNK of Congress, has issued a proclamation each year since 1933 declaring may UNK to be National UNK Day. This date in 1819 marked the sailing of the S& S& UNK from Savannah, Georgia, for UNK This voyage was the first successful crossing of the Atlantic under steam UNK The day is now appropriately set aside to honor the American men and women who have contributed to the success of our merchant marine fleet in peace and war. The Merchant Marine is the UNK UNK of UNK for a strong and effective American Merchant Marine is essential to the economy and security of our Nation. Through trade and travel across the seas the American Merchant Marine is carrying out its historic mission of linking the United States of America with friendly nations across the UNK AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM UNK MAY UNK 1961, AS NATIONAL UNK DAY, reminding our citizens that American Merchant ships and American UNK are ready at all times to serve our Nation in the cause of freedom and justice. IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 20th day of April, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and UNK Governor UNK RHODE ISLAND UNK WEEK PROCLAMATION BY JOHN A& NOTTE, JR& GOVERNOR# The Miss Rhode Island Pageant is sponsored by the Rhode Island Junior Chamber of Commerce as a part of the nation-wide search for the typical American UNK a Miss America from Rhode Island. This is an official preliminary contest of the Miss America Pageant held each September in Atlantic City. The ideal UNK possessed of talent, UNK intelligence, personality and beauty of face and UNK is chosen each year to represent Rhode Island. Many hours are given free by the UNK to make this and all local UNK outstanding events. UNK realized from these UNK are used by the UNK to help support their various youth, health, welfare and community UNK activities throughout the state. Miss UNK May UNK UNK Rhode Island UNK says that within a short time- on June UNK her reign will come to an end. She hopes that all will support the contestants from our own community by attending our UNK and the State Pageant June UNK AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM THE WEEK OF JUNE UNK TO UNK 1961, AS UNK RHODE ISLAND UNK WEEK, with deep appreciation to the UNK local and UNK for the presentation of their beautiful UNK and the encouragement of all Rhode Island girls to UNK IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this UNK day of June, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth. Governor UNK UNK DAY PROCLAMATION BY JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR# For the purpose of maintaining international peace and promoting the advancement of all people, the United States of America joined in founding the United Nations. The United Nations Charter sets forth standards which, if adhered to, will promote peace and justice throughout the world. It is extremely important for each American to realize that the theme "The United Nations is your business" applies to him UNK The world desperately needs the United Nations. United Nations Day is the birthday of the United Nations, mankind's noblest attempt to establish lasting peace with UNK AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM UNK UNK UNK 1961, AS UNITED UNK DAY, calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate UNK demonstrating faith in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations throughout the land. IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this UNK day of July, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth. governor #THE STATE UNK OF RHODE ISLAND WEEK PROCLAMATION BY JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR# The ballet originated in Italy about UNK At that time it was a series of sophisticated social dances whose steps were often combined with other steps devised by the UNK Ballet UNK in Italy during the next hundred years, and about UNK was carried to France when the Italian UNK Catherine de UNK married the King of France. The most famous ballet of that time was called Ballet UNK de la UNK UNK UNK UNK with sung or spoken UNK UNK were used in opera from its beginning. They were placed either in the middle of the acts or in the UNK The State Ballet of Rhode Island, the first incorporated group, was formed for the purpose of extending knowledge of the art of ballet in the Community, to promote interest in ballet performances, to contribute to the cultural life of the State, and to provide opportunity for gifted dance students who, for one reason or another, are unable to pursue a career and to develop others for the professional state; AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM THE WEEK OF UNK UNK 13, 1961, AS THE STATE UNK OF RHODE ISLAND WEEK, requesting all Rhode Islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the State. IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 23d day of October, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth. Governor UNK UNK DAY BY JOHN A& NOTTE, JR& GOVERNOR# As another Thanksgiving draws UNK let us take time out from the often UNK pace of our lives to try and recapture the feelings that filled the hearts of the Pilgrims on the first UNK The Pilgrims gathered to thank the Lord for His benevolence during their first year in the new land. They had been through trying times, but their faith in the Almighty had given them the courage and the strength to meet and overcome the many problems and difficulties that were the price they had to pay for freedom. And as the Pilgrims bowed their heads in humble UNK they shared another UNK the anticipation of what the future held for them and their UNK They could not guess that from their concepts of liberty and freedom would some day be born a new nation that for years would be the symbol of hope to the UNK countries of the world. They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith. We who are living today may learn a valuable lesson from those who celebrated the first Thanksgiving Day. The Lord has shown time and time again His love for us. We have only to compare the liberty and high standard of living we enjoy in this great country with the oppression and UNK of other nations to realize with humble gratitude that God's Providence has been with us since the very beginning of our country. And yet, accompanying our gratitude is the realization that we are living in a crucial time. With world peace constantly being UNK most of us regard the future UNK and even with fear. It is at this time that we should imitate the Pilgrims by accompanying our prayers of thanks with the conviction that we shall continue to be in UNK need for the Lord's protection in the future, if we are to have peace; NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM UNK UNK UNK 1961, AS UNK DAY, And so, let us remember on this day not only to thank the Almighty Who gave hope and courage to the UNK but also to place our trust in Him that He will continue to protect us in the future as He has in the past. IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 21st day of November, in the year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and of Independence, the one hundred and eighty-sixth. John A& Notte Jr& Governor <Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled>, That the Act of July 3, 1952 UNK Stat& UNK as amended UNK UNK UNK is further amended to read as follows: UNK UNK In view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the Nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs, it is the policy of the Congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for UNK UNK UNK and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water, and for studies and research related thereto. As used in this Act, the term UNK UNK includes sea water, UNK water, and other UNK or chemically charged water, and the term UNK States' extends to and includes the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the territories and possessions of the United States. _SEC& 2._ In order to accomplish the purposes of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior UNK _(A)_ UNK encourage, and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for UNK saline water into water suitable for beneficial consumptive purposes; _(B)_ conduct engineering research and technical development work to UNK by laboratory and pilot plant testing, the results of the research and studies UNK in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical UNK _(C)_ recommend to the Congress from time to time UNK for construction and operation, or for participation in the construction and operation, of a demonstration plant for any process which he UNK on the basis of UNK (~a) and (~b) above, has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act, such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size, location, and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto; _(D)_ study methods for the recovery and marketing of commercially valuable byproducts resulting from the conversion of saline water; and _(E)_ undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the United States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods. _SEC& 3._ In carrying out his functions under section 2 of this Act, the Secretary UNK _(A)_ acquire the services of UNK UNK engineers, and other personnel by contract or UNK _(B)_ enter into contracts with educational institutions, scientific organizations, and industrial and engineering UNK _(C)_ make research and training UNK _(D)_ utilize the facilities of Federal scientific UNK _(E)_ establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research, testing, development, and programing necessary to UNK the purposes of this Act; _(F)_ acquire secret processes, technical data, UNK patent applications, patents, UNK land and interests in land (including water UNK plants and facilities, and other property or rights by purchase, UNK UNK or UNK UNK assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature, both domestic and foreign, and issue UNK data with respect thereto; UNK cause UNK UNK to be made of promising projects, domestic and foreign, and, in the case of projects located in the United States, cooperate and participate in their development in instances in which the purposes of this Act will be served UNK UNK foster and participate in regional, national, and international conferences relating to saline water UNK UNK UNK UNK and publish information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion UNK and UNK cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies, with State and local UNK agencies, and UNK and with interested persons, firms, institutions, and organizations. _SEC& 4. (A)_ Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will, to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements, be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation. The fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission, the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, the Department of State, and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act. _(B)_ All research within the United States contracted for, UNK UNK or authorized under authority of this Act, shall be provided for in such manner that all information, UNK products, processes, patents, and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will (with such exceptions and UNK if any, as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national UNK be available to the general public. This subsection shall not be so construed as to deprive the owner of any background patent relating UNK of such rights as he may have UNK _SEC& 5. (A)_ The Secretary may dispose of water and byproducts resulting from his operations under this Act. All UNK received from UNK under this section shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous UNK _(B)_ Nothing in the Act shall be construed to alter existing law with respect to the ownership and control of water. _SEC& UNK The Secretary shall make reports to the President and the Congress at the beginning of each regular session of the action taken or instituted by him under the provisions of this Act and of prospective action during the ensuing year. _SEC& UNK The Secretary of the Interior may issue rules and regulations to UNK the purposes of this Act. _SEC& UNK There are authorized to be appropriated such UNK to remain available until UNK as may be necessary, but not more than UNK in all, (a) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to UNK UNK (b) to finance, for not more than two years beyond the end of said period, such UNK contracts, cooperative UNK and studies as may UNK have been undertaken pursuant to this Act; and (c) to finance, for not more than three years beyond the end of said period, such activities as are required to UNK UNK and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this UNK <Provided>, That funds available in any one year for research and development may, subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States, be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United UNK <And provided UNK That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection UNK shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States. _SEC& 2._ Section 4 of the joint resolution of September 2, 1958 UNK Stat& UNK 42 U& S& C& 1958 UNK is hereby amended to UNK The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to UNK UNK and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is UNK Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant, but not to exceed such UNK period, the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest UNK or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress. Upon such sale, there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale. UNK September 22, 1961. <Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled>, That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study UNK _(1)_ the causes of injuries and health hazards in metal and nonmetallic mines (excluding coal and lignite UNK _(2)_ the relative effectiveness of voluntary versus mandatory reporting of accident UNK _(3)_ the relative contribution to safety of inspection programs UNK _(A)_ UNK only and _(B)_ UNK plus enforcement UNK _(4)_ the effectiveness of health and safety education and UNK _(5)_ the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines (excluding coal and lignite UNK and _(6)_ the scope and adequacy of State UNK laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws. _SEC& 2. (A)_ The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to, and to require reports from the operator of, any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State (excluding any coal or lignite UNK the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce, for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act. _(B)_ As used in this UNK _(1)_ the term "State" includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United UNK and _(2)_ the term UNK means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof, or between points within the same State but through any place outside UNK _SEC& 3._ The Secretary of the Interior shall submit a report of his findings, together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines (excluding coal and lignite UNK based upon such findings, to the Congress not more than two years after the date of enactment of this Act. UNK September 26, 1961. <Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled>, That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc UNK and concentrates in order to UNK the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public, UNK and other lands as provided in this Act. _SEC& 2. (A)_ Subject to the limitations of this Act, the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly UNK UNK or concentrates produced UNK as provided in this Act. UNK shall be made only with respect to the metal content as determined by UNK _(B)_ Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York, New York, as determined by the Secretary, is below 14-1/2 cents per pound, and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary. _(C)_ Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of zinc as long as the market price for prime western zinc at East Saint Louis, Illinois, as determined by the Secretary, is below 14-1/2 cents per pound, and such payments shall be 55 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary. _(D)_ The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly UNK UNK or concentrates produced UNK made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed UNK the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed UNK the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year UNK shall not exceed UNK and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year UNK shall not exceed UNK In the same period, UNK presentations by members of the staff were made to local, national, and international medical groups. _3. UNK _A._ The education function of the Institute is carried on by the staff in the departments of pathology and its UNK During fiscal year 1959, six courses were conducted: Forensic Pathology, Application of Histochemistry to Pathology, Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals, UNK Pathology, Pathology of the UNK UNK and a UNK Pathology UNK During fiscal year 1960, seven courses were conducted: Application of Histochemistry to Pathology, Forensic Pathology, Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals, Pathology of the UNK UNK UNK Pathology, Forensic Sciences Symposium, and UNK Pathology. From 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961, six courses were conducted: Workshop in UNK Training in Pathology, Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals, Application of Histochemistry of Pathology, UNK Pathology, Forensic Sciences Symposium, and Forensic Pathology. _B._ During fiscal years 1959 and 1960, there were UNK military and civilian students who came to the Institute for varying periods of special instruction. UNK UNK The Institute is engaged in an extensive program of medico-military scientific research in both morphological and experimental UNK Among the specific areas of concentration in which the staff is engaged, are such projects as biological and biochemical studies of the effects of UNK study of motor end plates in man and animals; investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals; UNK responses to reduced oxygen UNK UNK of nuclear and cosmic UNK UNK of UNK evaluation of UNK UNK and hip UNK in dogs. There has been an increase in cooperative research with other Federal agencies and civilian institutions. During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961, additional research affiliations were effected with the U& S& Army Medical Research and Development Command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron UNK and for the study of UNK and biological studies of the structure and function of UNK tissue. Also, the Defense Atomic Support Agency sponsored a long-range study at this Institute on the response of massive suspension cultures of mammalian cells to acute radiation. Other scientific agencies, both Federal and UNK supported studies in quantitative electron UNK approach to UNK and UNK the investigation of the relationship of UNK UNK UNK enzyme to tumor growth; morphological study and classification of UNK and UNK cases in animals; and the study of structural changes in M& UNK and other UNK UNK UNK UNK _1._ The Medical Illustration Service is responsible for the collection, publication, UNK and file of medical illustration material of medico-military importance to the Armed Forces. In addition to maintaining a permanent central file of illustrations of UNK UNK and injuries of military importance, it provides facilities for clinical UNK UNK and medical arts, and operates a printing plant, by permission of Congressional Committee, for publication of an UNK of Tumor UNK It also maintains shops for the design and fabrication of exhibits, training aids and instruments and libraries for the loan of films and teaching lantern slide sets. _2._ During this period, a total of UNK exhibits were presented at UNK medical and scientific meetings. Of these exhibits, 154 were newly UNK UNK exhibits received UNK _3._ UNK and UNK training aids developed by the Medical Illustration Service, were used in support of Army Medical Service mass UNK exercises. Members of the Medical Illustration Service UNK and conducted UNK on the use of training aids to military personnel and various civilian medical organizations. UNK of new and projected training aids were conducted at the Medical Service UNK Conference, UNK Army Medical Center, Texas. _4._ In support of the emphasis placed by the Department of Defense on instruction in emergency medical care, the Medical Illustration Service developed UNK UNK UNK and rescue breathing UNK which are being field UNK and overhead UNK UNK sets on the subjects of Military UNK First UNK for UNK UNK and UNK the Emergency Medical Treatment UNK Phase UNK and Emergency War UNK in support of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization UNK UNK Fifty lantern slide teaching sets on the subject of UNK War UNK UNK were assembled and distributed to the Medical Military Services of foreign Governments associated with ~NATO and UNK Asia Treaty Organization. The British and Canadian UNK UNK as well as Office of Civil and Defense UNK the American Red UNK and similar interested organizations were informed from time to time as training aids were developed. _5._ Nine veterinary lantern slide teaching sets were developed and distributed, and lantern slide teaching sets on 21 pathology subjects were added to the loan library of the Medical Illustration Service. UNK were prepared for 11 Department of the Army manuals and one UNK Training UNK UNK lantern slide sets were loaned to the Government of India and eight sets were forwarded to the U&S& UNK UNK UNK for the Educational Exchange UNK The Senate UNK on UNK and International UNK was provided samples of visual aids on first aid and personal health produced by the Medical Illustration Service. _6._ Six fascicles UNK copies UNK of the UNK of Tumor UNK were completed during the period of this report. _THE AMERICAN UNK OF UNK This consists of 25 individual UNK two of which were added during fiscal years UNK (the Registry of Forensic Pathology and the UNK Tumor UNK These UNK are sponsored by 18 national medical, UNK and veterinary societies and have as their mission the assembling of selected cases of interest to military medicine and of establishing through the mechanism of follow-up of living patients the natural history of various diseases of UNK importance. The American Registry of Pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis, under such conditions as may be agreed upon between the National Research Council and The UNK General of the Army, Navy, and Air Force. The staff utilized the collected material in these UNK for numerous lectures to national and international UNK exhibits, and published studies. During the period of this report, UNK new cases were entered into the various UNK These were selected carefully and included not only detailed clinical information but adequate pathology of value for research and educational purposes. In this same period, six new fascicles of the Atlas of Tumor Pathology were published and distributed to medical centers UNK There were UNK copies of fascicles sold and UNK copies distributed free during this period. UNK new Clinico-pathologic Conferences were prepared, bringing the total to UNK available for loan distribution. Nine new teaching Clinico-pathologic Conference sets were prepared, which makes a total of 70 types of teaching sets for loan. During this period, UNK teaching sets were distributed on loan. The Clinico-pathologic Conferences have been acknowledged as of great value and in consequent great demand by the small isolated military hospitals. The demand for teaching sets continues UNK since they provide the means for the military physicians to review the pathology of selected disease processes or organ systems for review of basic sciences and correlation of clinical physiological behavior with structural changes. _THE MEDICAL UNK In fiscal year 1959, the Medical Museum was moved to Chase Hall, a temporary building on Independence Avenue at Ninth Street, UNK and continued to display to the public the achievements of the Armed Forces Medical UNK During the period of this report, UNK panel exhibits depicting the latest developments in medical research were UNK Of the 375 exhibits (of all UNK UNK UNK were new or UNK Of the UNK specimens newly mounted or UNK UNK were prepared for other agencies. UNK specimens were loaned for study purposes. An UNK UNK An Ancient UNK A new UNK was presented at the annual meeting of the American Medical Association. A three-dimensional exhibit depicting "A Century of Naval UNK was formally presented to The Director by George S& UNK UNK of the founder of E& R& UNK and Sons, for permanent display in the Museum. Space was provided for UNK guest medical exhibits, and the Museum collected new UNK of UNK medical, UNK and diagnostic UNK UNK and similar items of historical medico-military significance. During the period, the laboratory rendered centralized UNK service to qualified UNK UNK were mounted for military installations, governmental agencies, and medical schools. Three hundred five copies of the UNK of UNK UNK were UNK UNK military and civilian students received laboratory training. During fiscal years 1959 and 1960, there were UNK visitors to the Museum. During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961, the Medical Museum was required to move to UNK Building UNK on the UNK from Chase Hall. Throughout the period and during the movement operation, the Museum continued its functional support of the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology. UNK FORCES MEDICAL UNK UNK The Armed Forces Medical UNK Agency, established in 1949, has published, since January 1950, the United States Armed Forces Medical Journal as a UNK publication to furnish material of professional interest to Medical Department officers of the three military services. Its UNK the Medical UNK Bulletin, supplied similar material to enlisted medical personnel. These publications replaced the U& S& Naval Medical Bulletin, published continuously from 1907 through 1959, as well as the Navy's Hospital Corps UNK and the Bulletin of the U& S& Army Medical Department, published from 1922 to 1949. In addition, their establishment made it unnecessary to begin publication of a UNK Air Force medical UNK UNK annual savings resulting from publication of the Journal and Bulletin on a UNK basis, as compared with the cost of producing separate UNK for each service, were between UNK and UNK UNK on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations, the availability of the Journal removed the necessity of UNK to several additional UNK of civilian origin over and above the quantity now UNK in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage. From 1 July 1958 to 30 June 1960, 24 numbers of the Journal and nine of the Bulletin were published. Each Journal contained articles of professional and clinical interest, and departments devoted to military medical news, reviews of new books, and other features of interest to officers of the medical services. The Council on National Defense of the American Medical Association contributed a brief article to each issue entitled, "This is Your UNK Beginning with the October 1959 issue of the UNK the method of production of copy for UNK reproduction was changed from UNK to hot UNK This resulted in an improved appearance, but was followed by an increase in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of allocated funds. The use of 100 instead of 140 substance paper plus the adoption of side UNK beginning with the May 1960 issue reduced costs sufficiently to allow completion of the fiscal year with nearly UNK in UNK funds. Two special issues were published, one for November 1959 on Space UNK the other the UNK Anniversary issue for January 1960. The February 1960 issue marked the UNK of the section entitled, "The Medical UNK UNK UNK the discontinued Medical UNK Bulletin, publication of which was suspended with the UNK 1959 issue, a section called UNK UNK was inaugurated on a UNK basis beginning with the April 1960 issue. Occasional features were published on historical medicine, special reports, UNK and UNK UNK In May 1960, the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology began a series of articles on the UNK UNK and in June, the Institute started contributing a regular monthly UNK for UNK The Institute also planned to furnish a regular series of articles, beginning in the fall of 1960, on its more significant Scientific UNK The Armed Forces UNK Board agreed to submit each month a report for one of its 12 commissions, so that each commission will report once a year on some phase of its work calculated to be of particular interest and value to medical officers of the Armed Forces. The first report in this continuing series appeared in the September 1960 issue of the Journal. Another recent achievement was the successful development of a method for the complete combustion in a bomb UNK of a metal in UNK when the product is relatively UNK This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum UNK which closely UNK a value which had been determined by a less direct method, and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago. Similar measurements are being initiated to resolve a large discrepancy in the heat of formation of another important combustion product, UNK UNK The development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion. In one of these, an UNK device to study systems UNK up to 6,000 **f and 100 atmospheres pressure, a major goal was achieved. The accuracy of measuring the total electrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few UNK was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent. This agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals. The method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element as a UNK The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire, and the UNK heating of the element is measured with high accuracy. This is used as a reference for comparing the UNK heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the UNK A UNK shutter has been developed in order to permit photographic observation of any portion of the electrical wire explosion. The shutter consists of two UNK a UNK part and a UNK part. Using UNK method, the UNK action is obtained from the UNK of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead UNK The UNK of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil (approximately UNK placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera. The opening action is obtained when a UNK charged to high UNK is suddenly discharged through the UNK During the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line, thus allowing light to pass into the camera. Experiments have shown that the shutter is 75 percent open in about UNK microseconds. The shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the UNK UNK UNK OF UNK UNK UNK Besides the well-known hydrogen line at 21 ~cm UNK the spectra of UNK radio sources may contain sharp lines characteristic of other atoms, ions, and small UNK The detection and study of such line spectra would add considerably to present information on interstellar gas clouds and, perhaps, planetary UNK Among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light UNK hydrides ~OH and UNK somewhat less likely sources are the heavier hydrides UNK UNK and UNK Very small concentrations of these hydrides should be UNK in interstellar gas, concentrations as low as **f UNK may be UNK as compared to the **f hydrogen atoms **f required for detection of the UNK line. High sensitivity in radio UNK is achieved by reducing the UNK of the UNK therefore, only with precise UNK of the line frequencies is an astronomical search for the radio spectra of these molecules feasible. To secure precise measurements of these frequencies, a research program in free radical UNK UNK has been started. Since conventional methods are insensitive at the low frequencies of these molecular UNK the paramagnetic resonance method is being used instead. This involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical UNK which shifts the UNK spectra to a conveniently high UNK range, where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity. The first UNK UNK investigated by the paramagnetic resonance method was the ~OH UNK Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which ~OH may be identified in interstellar UNK the frequencies are UNK and UNK **f, with an uncertainty of UNK **f. Success in observing these spectral lines has so far, apparently, been confined to the UNK UNK observations have yet to be reported. UNK are being made for similar experiments on UNK and UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK The Bureau is pursuing an active program to provide a temperature scale and thermometer calibration services in the range 1.5 to 20 **f. The efforts and accomplishments fall into three main UNK absolute UNK based upon the velocity of sound in helium gas, secondary UNK involving principally studies of the behavior of germanium UNK and UNK vapor-pressure measurements (see p& UNK UNK UNK An UNK interferometer has been constructed and used, with helium gas as the UNK fluid, to measure temperatures near 4.2 and UNK **f. Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature UNK and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer. When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid UNK vapor UNK differences of about 10 and 7 UNK respectively were found. This result is UNK and work is UNK UNK UNK UNK resistors and UNK germanium resistors have been investigated for use as precision secondary thermometers in the liquid helium temperature region. Several germanium resistors have been UNK UNK from 300 to 4.2 **f and their UNK have been found to be reproducible within UNK UNK when temperatures were derived from a vapor pressure thermometer whose tubing is jacketed through most of the liquid UNK Preliminary UNK of the resistors have been made from UNK to UNK **f at every 0.1 **f. The estimated standard deviations of the data for two of the resistors were @ 1 UNK and for the third UNK @ UNK UNK UNK UNK METHOD._ The UNK of helium vapor-pressure thermometers have been investigated in conjunction with a UNK UNK liquid helium bath from 4.2 to UNK **f. UNK temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in UNK UNK metallic storage UNK The gradient was about one half of a UNK at 4.2 **f but increased to several UNK for bath temperatures slightly greater than the ~|l point. A UNK head UNK has been neither necessary nor applicable in the determination of vapor pressures or temperatures for the bulk liquid UNK However, the surface temperature gradient can produce erroneous vapor-pressure measurements for the bulk liquid helium unless precautions are taken to isolate the tube (which passes through the surface to the vapor pressure UNK from the liquid helium surface. It has also been observed, in helium /2,, that large discrepancies can exist between surface vapor pressures and those pressures measured by a vapor pressure thermometer. This has been attributed to helium film flow in the vapor pressure thermometer. In this case also the design of the thermometer can be modified to reduce the helium film flow. UNK UNK FOR UNK UNK UNK UNK measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure UNK A UNK which UNK the requirements was developed and thoroughly UNK The transducer is a UNK instrument and employs a stretched UNK UNK in& thick and 1 in& in diameter. A small pressure UNK UNK the diaphragm and changes the UNK between the diaphragm and an UNK insulated plate spaced UNK in& apart (for **f). UNK concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic UNK Over a temperature range from 25 to 200 **f and at pressures up to 250 UNK an UNK of 300 UNK applied for a period of one day, results in an uncertainty in the pressure of, at most, one UNK of UNK UNK PROPERTIES OF UNK A UNK study of the transport properties of air at elevated temperatures has been completed. This project was carried out under sponsorship of the UNK UNK Division of the Air Research and Development UNK U&S& Air Force, and had as its goal the investigation of the transport by diffusion of the heat energy of chemical binding. A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of UNK numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region. Another effect discovered is the large UNK of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences UNK the nitrogen dissociation region are present. The results of the study, based on collision UNK computed from the latest critically evaluated data on UNK forces in air, will be reported in the form of a table of UNK thermal UNK thermal diffusion, and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1,000 to 10,000 **f and of UNK of pressure in atmospheres from **f to **f times normal UNK UNK UNK UNK In March, 1961, representatives of the national laboratories of Australia, Canada, The UNK United UNK UNK United States, and West Germany, met at the ~NBS to devise means for reaching international agreement on a temperature scale between 10 and 90 **f. As a first step toward this goal, arrangements were worked out for comparing the scales now in use through circulation of a group of standard platinum resistance thermometers for calibration by each national UNK Such a group of thermometers was obtained and UNK at the UNK These thermometers have now been sent to the United Kingdom for calibration at the National Physical Laboratory. UNK UNK During the last week of march 1961, Columbus, Ohio was the site of the Fourth Symposium on UNK Its UNK and Control in Science and UNK The Symposium, which was jointly sponsored by the American Institute of UNK the Instrument Society of America, and the National Bureau of UNK attracted nearly one thousand UNK including many from abroad. The Bureau contributed to the planning and success of the Symposium through the efforts of Mr& W& A& UNK General UNK and Dr& C& M& UNK Program UNK Dr& A& V& UNK ~NBS Director, opened the UNK session with introductory remarks, following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by ~NBS scientists, from both the Washington and UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK In addition to the basic programs in UNK standards, UNK solid state physics, interactions of the free electron and atomic UNK which are necessary to provide the foundation for technological progress, the Bureau has strengthened its activities in laboratory UNK The programs in infrared UNK are undergoing UNK toward UNK standards in the far UNK the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies, and increased emphasis on high resolution UNK Two data centers have been established for the collection, UNK critical UNK and UNK of UNK and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections. UNK UNK UNK UNK Under the sponsorship of the Office of Naval Research and the UNK Research Projects Agency, a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition UNK An UNK survey was made of the literature, and a primary reference file of approximately 600 references was UNK UNK UNK and tables of available data are now in preparation. A UNK UNK arc source was constructed and used to study transition probabilities of atomic hydrogen and UNK This apparatus will also be used to measure transition probabilities of a large number of other elements. A study of the hydrogen line profiles indicates that a measurement of these profiles can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about **f percent. A set of tables containing spectral intensities for UNK lines of 70 elements, as observed in a copper UNK in a UNK arc, was completed and published. Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition UNK These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned, but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas. UNK UNK UNK Research continues on the very complex spectra of the rare earth elements. New computer and automation techniques were applied to these spectra with considerable success. _(E)_ In addition to the penalties provided in title 18, United States Code, section UNK any person guilty of any act, as provided therein, with respect to any matter under this Title, shall forfeit all rights under this Title, and, if payment shall have been made or granted, the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same. _(F)_ In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made, the Commission may, upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such UNK determine and UNK the just and reasonable UNK fees for services rendered with respect to such claim, but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award. UNK evidence that the claimant and any such attorney have agreed to the amount of the UNK fees shall be conclusive upon the UNK UNK UNK That the total amount of the fees so agreed upon does not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award. Any fee so determined shall be entered as a part of such award, and payment thereof shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury by UNK the amount thereof from the total amount paid pursuant to the award. Any agreement to the contrary shall be UNK and void. The Commission is authorized and directed to mail to each claimant in proceedings before the Commission notice of the provisions of this UNK UNK in the United States or elsewhere, pays or offers to pay, or promises to pay, or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim, compensation which, when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services, will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission, shall be guilty of a UNK and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not more than $5,000 or UNK not more than twelve months, or both, and if any such payment shall have been made or granted, the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same, and, in addition thereto, any such person shall forfeit all rights under this title. UNK The Attorney General shall assign such officers and employees of the Department of Justice as may be necessary to represent the United States as to any claims of the Government of the United States with respect to which the Commission has jurisdiction under this title. Any and all payments required to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury under this title pursuant to any award made by the Commission to the Government of the United States shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts. UNK The Commission shall notify all claimants of the approval or denial of their claims, stating the reasons and grounds UNK and if approved, shall notify such claimants of the amount for which such claims are UNK Any claimant whose claim is UNK or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim, shall be entitled, under such regulations as the Commission may UNK to a hearing before the Commission, or its duly authorized representatives, with respect to such claim. Upon such hearing, the Commission may UNK UNK or revise its former action with respect to such claim, including a denial or reduction in the amount UNK allowed with respect to such claim. The action of the Commission in allowing or denying any claim under this title shall be final and conclusive on all questions of law and fact and not subject to review by the Secretary of State or any other official, department, agency, or establishment of the United States or by any court by UNK or otherwise. UNK The Commission may in its discretion enter an award with respect to one or more items deemed to have been clearly established in an individual claim while UNK consideration and action on other items of the same claim. UNK The Commission shall comply with the UNK of the Administrative UNK Act of 1946 except as otherwise specifically provided by this title. _SEC& UNK The Commission UNK as soon as possible, and in the order of the making of such UNK certify to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the Secretary of State copies of the awards made in favor of the Government of the United States or of nationals of the United States under this Title. The Commission shall certify to the Secretary of State, upon his request, copies of the formal UNK of claims filed pursuant to subsection (~b) of section 4 of this Act for transmission to the foreign government concerned. _SEC& UNK The Commission shall complete its affairs in connection with settlement of United UNK claims arising under the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 not later than December 31, UNK <Provided>, That nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the life of the Commission, or its authority to act on future agreements which may be effected under the provisions of this legislation. _SEC& 7. (A)_ Subject to the limitations UNK UNK the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to pay, as prescribed by section 8 of this Title, an amount not exceeding the principal of each award, plus accrued interests on such awards as bear interest, certified pursuant to section 5 of this Title, in accordance with the award. Such payments, and applications for such payments, shall be made in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may UNK _(B)_ There shall be deducted from the amount of each payment made pursuant to subsection (~c) of section 8, as UNK for the expenses incurred by the United States, an amount equal to 5 per centum of such payment. All amounts so deducted shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts. _(C)_ UNK made pursuant to this Title shall be made only to the person or persons on behalf of whom the award is made, except that- _(1)_ if such person is deceased or is under a legal UNK payment shall be made to his legal UNK <Provided>, That if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified UNK or administrator, payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto, without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of UNK _(2)_ in the case of a partnership or corporation, the existence of which has been terminated and on behalf of which an award is made, payment shall be made, except as provided in paragraphs (3) and UNK to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto; _(3)_ if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation has been duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and has not been discharged prior to the date of payment, payment shall be made to such receiver or trustee in accordance with the order of the UNK _(4)_ if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation, duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, makes an assignment of the claim, or any part thereof, with respect to which an award is made, or makes an assignment of such award, or any part thereof, payment shall be made to the UNK as his interest may UNK and _(5)_ in the case of any assignment of an award, or any part thereof, which is made in writing and duly acknowledged and UNK after such award is certified to the Secretary of the Treasury, payment may, in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, be made to the UNK as his interest may appear. _(D)_ Whenever the Secretary of the Treasury, or the Comptroller General of the United States, as the case may be, shall find that any person is entitled to any such payment, after such payment shall have been received by such person, it shall be an absolute bar to recovery by any other person against the United States, its officers, agents, or employees with respect to such payment. _(E)_ Any person who makes application for any such payment shall be held to have consented to all the provisions of this Title. _(F)_ Nothing in the Title shall be construed as the assumption of any liability by the United States for the payment or satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any claim on behalf of any national of the United States against any foreign government. _SEC& 8. (A)_ There are hereby created in the Treasury of the United States (1) a special fund to be known as the Yugoslav Claims UNK and (2) such other special funds as may, in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, be required each to be a claims fund to be known by the name of the foreign government which has entered into a settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection (~a) of section 4 of this Title. There shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of the proper special fund all funds UNK UNK All payments authorized under section 7 of this Title shall be UNK from the proper UNK as the case may be, and all amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the UNK funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by section 7 of this Title. _(B)_ The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to cover UNK _(1)_ the Yugoslav Claims Fund the sum of UNK being the amount paid by the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia pursuant to the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of UNK _(2)_ a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection (~a) of this section any amounts hereafter UNK in United States dollars, by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection (~a) of section 4 of this Title. _(C)_ The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed out of the sums covered into any of the funds pursuant to subsection (~b) of this section, and after making the deduction provided for in section 7 (~b) of this UNK _(1)_ to make payments in full of the principal of awards of $1,000 or less, certified pursuant to section 5 of this UNK _(2)_ to make payments of $1,000 on the principal of each award of more than $1,000 in principal amount, certified pursuant to section 5 of this UNK _(3)_ to make additional payment of not to exceed 25 per centum of the unpaid principal of awards in the principal amount of more than UNK _(4)_ after completing the payments prescribed by paragraphs (2) and (3) of this UNK to make payments, from time to time in UNK UNK on account of the unpaid principal of all awards in the principal amount of more than UNK according to the proportions which the unpaid principal of such awards bear to the total amount in the fund available for distribution at the time such payments are UNK and _(5)_ after payment has been made of the principal amounts of all such UNK to make pro UNK payments on account of accrued interest on such awards as bear interest. _(D)_ The Secretary of the Treasury, upon the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized and directed, out of the sum covered into the Yugoslav Claims Fund pursuant to subsection (~b) of this section, after completing the payments of such funds pursuant to subsection (~c) of this section, to make payment of the balance of any sum remaining in such fund to the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia to the extent required under article 1 (~c) of the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948. The Secretary of State shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury the total cost of UNK not borne by the UNK attributable to the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948. Such UNK shall be final and conclusive and shall not be subject to review by any other official or department, agency, or establishment of the United States. _SEC& UNK There is hereby authorized to be UNK out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise UNK such sums as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions under this Title. _MR& UNK Mr& Speaker, for several years now the commuter railroads serving our large metropolitan areas have found it increasingly difficult to render the kind of service our expanding population wants and is entitled to have. The causes of the decline of the commuter railroads are many and UNK high taxes, losses of revenue to Government subsidized highway and air carriers, to name but two. And the solutions to the problems of the commuter lines have been equally varied, ranging all the way from Government ownership to complete UNK of this important service. There have been a number of sound plans UNK But none of these has been UNK Instead we have stood UNK by, watched our commuter railroad service decline, and have failed to offer a helping hand. Though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased tremendously since World War /2,, total annual rail UNK dropped UNK million from 1947 to 1957. Nowhere has this decline been more painfully evident than in the New York City area. Here the New York Central UNK one of the Nation's most important carriers, has alone lost UNK percent of its passengers since 1949. At this time of crisis in our Nation's commuter railroads, a new threat to the continued operations of the New York Central has appeared in the form of the Chesapeake + Ohio UNK proposal for control of the Baltimore + Ohio UNK The New York Central has pointed out that this control, if approved by the Interstate Commerce Commission, would give the combined C& + O&-B& + O& Railroad a total of UNK points served in common with the New York UNK Not only is this kind of duplication UNK but it gives the combined system the ability to take freight traffic away from the New York Central and other railroads serving the area. The New York Central UNK " The freight traffic most susceptible to UNK by the C& + O&-B& + O& provides the backbone of UNK revenues. These revenues make it possible to provide essential freight and passenger service over the entire New York Central system as well as the New York area commuter and terminal freight services. If these services are to be UNK the New York Central must have the revenues to make them possible". The New York Central today handles 60 percent of all UNK commuter traffic coming into New York City. This is a UNK million operation involving UNK employees who work on commuter traffic UNK A blow to this phase of the UNK operations would have serious economic consequences not only to the railroad itself, but to the 40,000 people per day who are provided with UNK reasonably priced transportation in and out of the city. " There is a workable alternative to this potentially dangerous and harmful C& + O&-B& + O& merger UNK The Central has pointed out. " The logic of creating a strong, balanced, competitive UNK railroad service in the East is so obvious that B& + O& was publicly committed to the approach outlined here. UNK studies of the plan were well UNK Though far from completion, these studies indicated beyond a doubt that savings would result which would be of unprecedented benefit to the railroads concerned, their UNK their customers, their UNK and to the public at large. Then, abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned, B& + O& entered UNK negotiations with C& + O& which resulted in the present situation. In the light of the facts at hand, however, New York Central intends to pursue the objective of helping to create a healthy UNK eastern railroad structure in the public UNK The Interstate Commerce Commission will UNK its deliberations on the proposed C& + O&-B& + O& merger on June UNK Obviously, the Interstate Commerce Commission will not force the New York Central to further curtail its commuter operations by giving undue competitive advantages to the lines that wish to UNK However, there is a more profound consideration to this proposed merger than profit and loss. That is, will it serve the long-range public UNK For the past 40 years Congress has advocated a carefully planned, balanced and competitive railway system. We must ask ourselves which of the two alternatives will help the UNK the UNK B& + UNK + O& merger, or the UNK New York UNK + UNK + O& merger. Which will serve not only the best interest of the stockholders, but the interests of all the traveling UNK _MR& UNK Mr& Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a great newspaper, the New York Times, on the occasion of a major change in its top executive command. Arthur UNK Sulzberger has been a distinguished publisher of this distinguished newspaper and it is fitting that we take due notice of his major contribution to American journalism on the occasion of his retirement. I am pleased to note that Mr& Sulzberger will continue to serve as chairman of the board of the New York Times. Mr& UNK successor as publisher is Mr& UNK E& UNK who is president of the New York Times Co&, and who has been with the Times since UNK Mr& UNK outstanding career as a journalist guarantees that the high standards which have made the Times one of the world's great newspapers will be maintained. I am also pleased to note that Mr& John B& UNK a member of the Times staff since 1946, has been appointed as editorial page UNK Mr& UNK succeeds Charles UNK editor since 1938, who now becomes editor UNK I should like at this time, Mr& Speaker, to pay warm tribute to Arthur UNK Sulzberger and Charles UNK on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in American UNK My UNK congratulations go to their successors, UNK E& UNK and John B& UNK who can be counted upon to sustain the UNK tradition of the New York Times. The people of the 17th District of New York, and I as their Representative in Congress, take great pride in the New York Times as one of the great and authoritative newspapers of the world. _MR& UNK Mr& Speaker, in my latest UNK to my constituents I urged the imposition of a naval blockade of Cuba as the only effective method of preventing continued Soviet armaments from coming into the Western UNK in violation of the Monroe UNK UNK I had the privilege of reading a thoughtful article in the U&S& News + World Report of May 8 which discussed this type of action in more detail, including both its advantages and its UNK Under leave to extend my remarks, I include the relevant portion of my UNK together with the text of the article from the U&S& News + World UNK UNK UNK UNK S& UNK UNK FROM UNK MAY 1, UNK Cuban UNK Whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the Cuban rebels to establish a UNK on the UNK mainland last week, there was at least one positive benefit, and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of Cuba into a UNK military base. In fact, one of the major reasons for the failure of the ill-starred UNK appears to have been a lack of full information on the extent to which Cuba has been getting this Russian military equipment. UNK the pictures and stories of Soviet UNK tanks on Cuban beaches and Russian UNK jet fighters UNK rebel troops has brought home to all of us the UNK blunt truth of what it means to have a Russian military base 90 miles away from home. Russian tanks and planes in Cuba jeopardize the security of the United States, violate the Monroe Doctrine, and threaten the security of every other Latin American UNK Once the full extent of this Russian military penetration of Cuba was clear, President Kennedy announced we would take whatever action was appropriate to prevent this, even if we had to go it alone. But the Latin American UNK who have been rather inclined to drag their feet on taking action against Castro also reacted swiftly last week by finally throwing Cuba off the Inter-American Defense Board. For years the United States had been trying to get these countries to exclude Castro's representative from secret military UNK But it took the pictures of the UNK and the UNK tanks to do the job. There is a new atmosphere of urgency in Washington this week. You can see it, for example, in the extensive efforts President Kennedy has made to enlist solid UNK support for his actions toward both Cuba and UNK efforts, as I see it, which are being directed, by the way, toward support for future actions, not for those already past. What the next move will be only time, of course, will UNK Personally, I think we ought to set up an immediate naval blockade of Cuba. We simply can't tolerate further Russian weapons, including the possibility of long-range nuclear missiles, being located in Cuba. Obviously, we can't stop them from coming in, however, just by UNK A naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the Monroe Doctrine, would be a relatively simple operation to carry out, and would bring an abrupt end to Soviet penetration of our UNK @ UNK U&S& NEWS + UNK UNK MAY 8, UNK UNK FOR UNK AN UNK UNK Look at Castro UNK UNK than ever with arms and agents to threaten the UNK How can the United States UNK UNK is one answer offered by experts. In it they see a way to isolate Cuba, stop UNK maybe finish Castro, too. This is the question now facing President UNK How to put a stop to the Soviet UNK in Cuba and to Communist infiltration of this UNK On April 25, the White House reported that a total UNK of remaining U&S& trade with Cuba was being considered. Its UNK To undermine further UNK economy. weaken Castro. Another UNK UNK and UNK was also attracting notice in UNK a naval and air blockade to cut Cuba off from the world, destroy Castro. UNK in the view of military and civilian UNK could restore teeth to the Monroe UNK It could halt a flood of Communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching Castro. It could stop Cuban UNK of guns and propaganda materials to South America. It would be the most severe UNK short of declared war, that the United States could invoke against Castro. It is the strategy of UNK therefore, that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials, Members of Congress, officers in the UNK As a possible course of action, it also is the center of debate and is raising many questions. Among these questions: _WHAT WOULD A UNK UNK UNK Military experts say a tight naval blockade off Cuban UNK and at the approaches to Cuban waters would require two naval task forces, each built around an aircraft carrier with a complement of about 100 planes and several UNK The Navy, on April 25, announced it is bringing back the carrier UNK from the UNK increasing to four the number of attack carriers in the vicinity of Cuba. More than 36 other big Navy ships are no less than a day's sailing time away. To round out the UNK force, submarines would be needed- to UNK identify and track approaching vessels. UNK radar would help with this task. So would radar picket ships. A UNK of Navy jets and another of long-range patrol planes would add support to the carrier task forces. Three requirements go with a UNK It must be UNK the UNK force must be powerful enough to enforce it; and it must be enforced without UNK Once these conditions of international law are met, countries that try to run to blockade do so at their own UNK UNK runners can be UNK by UNK if UNK searched and held, at least UNK They could be sent to U&S& UNK for UNK whether cargo should be UNK _WHAT UNK A UNK UNK UNK say the experts. In a broad sense, it would UNK the Monroe UNK by opposing Communist interference in the Western UNK It could, by avoiding direct UNK provide a UNK strategy to meet UNK UNK Primary target would be shipments of tanks, guns, UNK gasoline and ammunition coming from Russia and UNK UNK of arms from Western countries could similarly be seized as UNK In a total UNK action could also be taken against ships bringing in UNK oils, textiles, and even UNK At times, three ships a day from the Soviet bloc are UNK in Cuban UNK From its inception in 1920 with the passage of Public Law UNK UNK Congress, the purpose of the vocational rehabilitation program has been to assist the States, by means of UNK to return disabled men and women to UNK UNK employment. The authority for the program was renewed several times until the vocational rehabilitation program was made permanent as Title /5, of the Social Security Act in 1935. Up to this time and for the next eight years, the services provided disabled persons consisted mainly of training, counseling, and placement on a job. Recognizing the limitations of such a program, the UNK Congress in UNK passed P& L& UNK which broadened the concept of rehabilitation to include the provision of physical restoration services to remove or reduce UNK and which revised the financing structure. UNK UNK Despite the successful rehabilitation of over a half million disabled persons in the first eleven years after 1943, the existing program was still seen to be inadequate to cope with the nation's backlog of an estimated two million UNK To assist the States, therefore, in UNK handicapped individuals, "so that they may prepare for and engage in UNK employment to the extent of their UNK the UNK Congress enacted the Vocational UNK Amendments of 1954 (P& L& UNK These amendments to the Vocational UNK Act were designed to help provide for more specialized rehabilitation facilities, for more sheltered and UNK workshops, for greater numbers of adequately trained personnel, for more comprehensive services to individuals UNK to the UNK and the UNK and for other administrative improvements to increase the UNK overall UNK UNK UNK Under the law as it existed until 1943, the Federal Government made grants to the States on the basis of population, matching State expenditures on a UNK basis. Under P& L& UNK UNK Congress, the Federal Government assumed responsibility for 100% of necessary State expenditures in connection with administration and the counseling and placement of the UNK and for 50% of the necessary costs of providing clients with rehabilitation case services. Throughout these years, the statutory UNK was for such sums as were necessary to carry out the provisions of the Act. The 1954 Amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehabilitation program, providing for a three-part grant UNK for (1) basic UNK (2) extension and UNK and (3) research, UNK training and UNK for vocational UNK and in addition for short-term training and instruction. The first part of the new UNK that for supporting the basic program of vocational rehabilitation services- is described in this Section. UNK sections on grants describe the other categories of the grant structure. The following table shows, for selected years, the UNK UNK allotment base, Federal grants to States and State matching funds for this part of the grant UNK UNK OF UNK UNK UNK OF UNK In order to assist the States in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services, Section 2 of the amended Act provides that allotments to States for support of such services be based on (1) need, as measured by a State's population, and (2) fiscal capacity, as measured by its per capita income. The Act further provides for a UNK or minimum allotment, set at the 1954 level, which is called the UNK allotment, and a UNK or maximum allotment, for each State. It UNK in addition, that all amounts remaining as a result of imposing the UNK and not used for insuring the UNK be UNK to those States still below their UNK These provisions are designed to reflect the differences in wealth and population among the States, with the objective that a UNK handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he resides in a State with a low or high per capita income or a UNK or thickly populated State. The provisions are also designed to avoid disruption in State programs already in operation, which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone. UNK OF UNK UNK The method used in computing the allotments is specifically set forth in the Act. The term "State" means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto UNK the term UNK UNK includes the several States and the District of Columbia, and excludes the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and UNK The following steps are employed in UNK _1._ For each State (except Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and UNK determine average per capita income based on the last three years. (See <Source of Data>, below for per capita income data to be used in this step.) _2._ Determine the average per capita income for the U& S& based on the last three years. (See <Source of Data>, below, for per capita income data to be used in this step.) _3._ Determine the ratio of 50% to the average per capita income of the U& S& (Divide 50 by the result obtained in item 2 above.) _4._ Determine for each State (except the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and UNK that percentage which bears the same ratio to 50% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the U& S&. (Multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the result obtained for each State in item 1 above.) _5._ Determine the particular State's UNK UNK By law this is 75% for the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto UNK UNK and Hawaii had fixed allotment percentages in effect prior to fiscal year UNK In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 UNK UNK that no State shall have an allotment percentage less than UNK nor more than UNK If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these UNK the State's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate UNK _6._ Square each State's allotment percentage. _7._ Determine each State's population. (See <Source of Data>, below for population data to be used in this step.) _8._ UNK the population of each State by the square of its allotment percentage. (Multiply result obtained in item 7 above, by result obtained in item 6 above.) _9._ Determine the sum of the products obtained in item 8 above, for all the States. (For each State, make all UNK set forth in items 1 to 8 above, and then add the results obtained for each State in item UNK _10._ Determine the ratio that the amount being allotted is to the sum of the products for all the States. (Divide the amount being allotted by the result obtained in item 9 above.) UNK Determine the particular State's unadjusted allotment for the particular fiscal year. (Multiply the State product in item 8 above by the result obtained in item 10 above.) UNK Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment UNK obtained in item 11 above) is greater than its maximum allotment, and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum UNK UNK State's unadjusted allotment for any fiscal year, which exceeds its minimum allotment described in item 13 below by a percentage greater than one and one-half times the percentage by which the sum being allotted exceeds UNK must be reduced by the amount of the UNK UNK Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment UNK obtained in item 11 above) is less than its minimum (base) allotment, and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum UNK Regardless of its unadjusted allotment, each State is guaranteed by law a minimum allotment each year equal to the allotment which it received in fiscal year UNK increased by a uniform percentage of UNK which brings total 1954 allotments to all States up to UNK UNK The funds UNK by reductions in item 12 above are UNK first, to increase the unadjusted allotments to the specified minimum in those States where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment UNK 13 UNK and second, to increase uniformly the allotments to those States whose allotments are below their UNK with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any State from thereby exceeding its maximum. UNK UNK ON UNK For the States which maintain two separate UNK one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind, and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the UNK the Act UNK that their minimum (base) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954. Funds allotted in addition to their minimum allotment are apportioned to the two agencies as they may UNK UNK UNK UNK OF UNK UNK As is the case with the allotment provisions for support of vocational rehabilitation services, the matching requirements are also based on a statutory formula. Prior to 1960, in order to provide matching for the minimum (base) allotment, State funds had to equal 1954 State funds. Prior to and since 1960 the rest of the support allotment is matched at rates related to the fiscal capacity of the State, with a UNK of 40% State (or UNK UNK participation in total program costs. The percentage of Federal participation in such costs for any State is referred to in the law as that State's UNK UNK For purposes of this explanation, this percentage is referred to as the States UNK Federal UNK Beginning in 1960, the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted UNK or UNK as UNK 25% a year, so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40% UNK State share, with maximum and minimum State shares of 50% and UNK respectively. The UNK rate of Federal participation with respect to any State's base allotment, as well as the adjusted rate in effect during the UNK period, is designated by the statute as that State's UNK Federal UNK The provisions for determining a State's unadjusted Federal share are designed to reflect the varying financial resources among the States. The purpose of the adjusted Federal share relating to the base allotment and of the transition provisions for reaching the unadjusted Federal share is to prevent UNK from abrupt changes in matching rates. UNK OF UNK FEDERAL UNK The method used for computing the respective Federal and State shares in total program costs is specifically set forth in the Act. The term "State" means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto UNK the term UNK UNK includes the several States and the District of Columbia and excludes the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and UNK The following steps are employed in the UNK _1._ For each State (except the Virgin Islands, Guam, Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and UNK determine the average per capita income for the last three years. (the same amount used in item 1 under UNK of UNK UNK above.) _2._ Determine the average per capita income for the United States for the last three years. (The same amount used in item 2 under UNK of UNK UNK above.) _3._ Determine the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the United States. (Divide 40 by the amount used in item 2 above.) _4._ Determine for each State (except the Virgin Islands, Guam, Puerto Rico, and, prior to 1962, Alaska and UNK that percentage which bears the same ration to 40% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the United States. (Multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the amount used for each State in item 1 above.) _5._ Determine the particular State's UNK UNK By law this is UNK for the Virgin Islands, Guam and Puerto UNK UNK and Hawaii had fixed Federal share percentages in effect prior to fiscal year UNK In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 UNK UNK that no State shall have a Federal share less than 50% nor more than UNK If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these UNK the State's Federal share must be raised or lowered to the appropriate UNK At the entrance side of the shelter, each roof beam is rested on the inside 4 inches of the block wall. The outside 4-inch space is filled by UNK blocks on edge. The wooden bracing between the roof beams is placed flush with the inside of the wall. UNK is poured between this bracing and the 4-inch blocks on edge to complete the wall thickness for radiation UNK (For details see UNK fig& UNK The first one or two roof boards UNK "~E" in fig& UNK are slipped into place across the roof beams, from outside the shelter. These boards are nailed to the roof beams by reaching up through the open space between the beams, from inside the shelter. UNK blocks are passed between the beams and put on the boards. The roof blocks are in two layers and are not UNK together. Work on the roof continues in this way. The last roof boards are covered with blocks from outside the shelter. When the roof blocks are all in place, the final rows of wall blocks are UNK into position. The structure is complete. (See fig& UNK Building plans are on page 21. Solid concrete blocks, relatively heavy and UNK are used for this shelter. These blocks are sold in various sizes so it seldom is necessary to cut a block to fit. Solid blocks are recommended because hollow blocks would have to be filled with concrete to give effective protection. UNK are an alternative. If they are used, the walls and roof should be 10 inches thick to give the same protection as the UNK solid concrete blocks. The illustrations in fig& 8 show how to lay a concrete block wall. More detailed instructions may be obtained from your local building supply houses and UNK Other sources of information include the National UNK UNK Association, 38 South UNK Street, Chicago, Ill&, the Portland UNK Association, 33 West Grand Avenue, Chicago, Ill&, and the Structural Clay Products Association, Washington, D&C&. UNK UNK SHELTER_ An UNK UNK fallout shelter also may be built with concrete blocks. (See fig& 9, double-wall UNK Most people would have to hire a contractor to build this shelter. Plans are on pages 22 and 23. This shelter could be built in regions where water or rock is close to the surface, making it impractical to build an underground shelter. Two walls of concrete blocks are constructed at least 20 inches apart. The space between them is filled with pit-run gravel or earth. The walls are held together with metal ties placed in the wet mortar as the walls are built. The roof shown here (fig& UNK is a UNK slab of reinforced concrete, covered with at least 20 inches of pit-run UNK An alternate roof, perhaps more within do-it-yourself UNK could be constructed of heavy wooden roof beams, UNK with boards and UNK It would have to be covered with at least 28 inches of pit-run UNK The materials for a double-wall shelter would cost about UNK UNK charges would be UNK The shelter would provide almost absolute fallout protection. UNK UNK SHELTER_ UNK corrugated metal sections or UNK concrete can be used for shelters either above or below ground. These are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface. They form effective fallout shelters when UNK over with earth, as shown in figure 10. UNK for this shelter would cost about UNK A contractor probably would be required to help build it. His charges would be added to the cost of materials. This shelter, as shown on page 24, would provide almost absolute protection from fallout radiation. An alternate UNK UNK shown on page 25, would reduce the cost of materials $50 to UNK The National Lumber Manufacturers Association, Washington, D& C&, is developing plans to utilize specially treated lumber for underground shelter construction. The Structural Clay Products Institute, Washington, D&C&, is working to develop brick and clay products suitable for shelter construction. UNK UNK SHELTER_ An underground reinforced concrete shelter can be built by a contractor for about $1,000 to UNK depending on the type of entrance. The shelter shown would provide almost absolute fallout protection. The illustration (fig& UNK shows this shelter with the roof at ground level and UNK over. The same shelter could be built into an embankment or below ground level. Plans for the shelter, with either a UNK or UNK UNK are shown on pages 26 and UNK Another type of shelter which gives excellent fallout protection can be built as an added room to the basement of a home under construction. It would add about $500 to the total cost of the home. The shelter illustrated in figure 12 is based on such a room built in a new home in the Washington, D&C& area in the Spring of 1959. UNK UNK common to each type of shelter are: _1._ UNK of the entrance. _2._ UNK _3._ Radio reception. _4._ UNK {THE UNK must have at least one UNK turn. Radiation UNK somewhat like light. Some will go around a corner. The rest continues in a straight line. Therefore, sharp turns in a shelter entrance will reduce radiation intensity inside the shelter. UNK is provided in a concrete block basement shelter by UNK in the wall and by the open entrance. A blower may be installed to increase comfort. A blower is essential for the double-wall shelter and for the underground shelters. It should provide not less than 5 cubic feet per minute of air per person. UNK pipes also are necessary (as shown in UNK 9, 10, and UNK but filters are not. UNK UNK is cut down by the shielding necessary to keep out radiation. As soon as the shelter is completed a radio reception check must be made. It probably will be necessary to install an outside UNK particularly to receive UNK UNK UNK is an important consideration. Continuous UNK lighting may be provided in the shelter by means of a UNK UNK battery to which is wired a UNK UNK UNK UNK have shown that such a device, with a fresh battery, will furnish light continuously for at least 10 days. With a spare battery, a source of light for 2 weeks or more would be UNK A UNK or electric lantern also should be available for those periods when a brighter light is needed. There should be a regular electrical outlet in the shelter as power may continue in many areas. UNK UNK If there are outside windows in the basement corner where you build a shelter, they should be shielded as shown in the Appendix, page UNK Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency UNK UNK walls that project above the ground should be shielded as shown in the Appendix, page UNK In these shelters the entrance should be not more than 2 feet wide. UNK or materials to build them, may have to be put inside the enclosure before the shelter walls are completed. The basement or UNK shelters also will serve for UNK or hurricane protection. UNK UNK IN A SHELTER# @ The UNK of fallout UNK rapidly at first. UNK hours after an atomic burst the radiation intensity is only about 1 percent of what it was an hour after the explosion. But the radiation may be so intense at the start that one percent may be extremely UNK Therefore, civil defense instructions received over UNK or by other means should be followed. A UNK radio is essential. Radiation instruments suitable for home use are available, and would be of value in locating that portion of the home which offers the best protection against fallout radiation. There is a possibility that UNK radios with built-in radiation meters may become available. One instrument thus would serve both purposes. Your local civil defense will gather its own information and will receive broad information from State and Federal sources. It will tell you as soon as UNK How long to stay in your shelter. How soon you may go outdoors. How long you may stay outside. You should be prepared to stay in your shelter full time for at least several days and to make it your home for 14 days or longer. A UNK in the Appendix, (page 30) tells what is needed. Families with children will have particular problems. They should provide for simple recreation. There should be a task for everyone and these tasks should be UNK Part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake. To break the monotony it may be necessary to invent tasks that will keep the family UNK UNK such as UNK can be kept. The survival of the family will depend largely on information received by radio. A record should be kept of the information and instructions, including the time and date of UNK Family rationing probably will be necessary. UNK should be operated periodically on a regular schedule. There will come a time in a basement shelter when the radiation has UNK enough to allow use of the whole basement. However, as much time as possible should be spent within the shelter to hold radiation exposure to a minimum. The housekeeping problems of living in a shelter will begin as soon as the shelter is UNK UNK medical supplies, UNK and equipment, if not already stored in the shelter, must be quickly gathered up and carried into it. After the family has settled in the shelter, the housekeeping rules should be spelled out by the adult in charge. Sanitation in the UNK of the family shelter will require much thought and planning. UNK for emergency UNK facilities and disposal of human wastes will be an unfamiliar problem. A covered container such as a kitchen garbage pail might do as a toilet. A UNK garbage can, with a tightly fitting cover, could be used to keep the wastes until it is safe to leave the shelter. Water rationing will be difficult and should be planned carefully. A portable electric heater is UNK for shelters in cold UNK It would take the chill from the shelter in the beginning. Even if the electric power fails after an attack, any time that the heater has been used will make the shelter that much more comfortable. Body heat in the close quarters will help keep up the temperature. UNK clothing and UNK of course, are essential. UNK heating or cooking should be UNK A flame would use up air. Some families already have held weekend UNK in their home shelters to learn the problems and to determine for themselves what supplies they would need. UNK IF AN UNK UNK YOU WITHOUT A UNK SHELTER# @ Few areas, if any, are as good as prepared shelters but they are worth knowing about. A family dwelling without a basement provides some natural shielding from fallout radiation. On the ground floor the radiation would be about half what it is outside. The best protection would be on the ground floor in the central part of the house. A UNK basement can cut the fallout radiation to one-tenth of the outside level. The safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground. If there is time after the warning, the basement shielding could be improved substantially by UNK windows with UNK dirt, books, magazines, or other heavy material. UNK UNK IN UNK UNK @ Large apartment buildings of masonry or concrete provide better natural shelter than the usual family UNK In general, such apartments afford more protection than smaller buildings because their walls are thick and there is more space. The central area of the ground floor of a heavily constructed apartment building, with concrete floors, should provide more fallout protection than the ordinary basement of a family dwelling. The basement of such an apartment building may provide as much natural protection as the specially constructed concrete block shelter recommended for the basement of a family dwelling. The Federal Government is aiding local governments in several places to survey residential, commercial and industrial buildings to determine what fallout protection they would provide, and for how many people. The problem for the city apartment UNK is primarily to plan the use of existing space. Such planning will require the cooperation of other occupants and of the apartment management. A former du Pont official became a General Motors vice president and set about maximizing du Pont's share of the General Motors market. Lines of communications were established between the two companies and several du Pont products were actively UNK Within a few years various du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General Motors' eight operating divisions. The UNK Body division, long controlled by the UNK brothers under a voting trust even though General Motors owned a majority of its stock, followed an independent course for many years, but by 1947 and 1948 UNK had UNK and its purchases from du Pont UNK UNK with purchases by other General Motors divisions. UNK came to receive higher percentage of General Motors business in later years, but it is UNK that this trend stemmed "at least in UNK from the needs of General Motors UNK du Pont's capacity. " The fact that sticks out in this voluminous record is that the bulk of du Pont's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to du Pont by a stock interest. The inference is overwhelming that du Pont's commanding position was promoted by its stock interest and was not gained solely on competitive UNK 353 U& S&, at UNK This Court agreed with the trial court "that considerations of price, quality and service were not overlooked by either du Pont or General UNK 353 U& S&, at UNK However, it determined that neither this factor, nor "the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted UNK and UNK each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to UNK anyone, including du Pont's UNK 353 U& S&, at UNK outweighed the Government's claim for relief. This claim, as submitted to the District Court and dismissed by it, UNK UNK alleged violation not only of @ 7 of the Clayton Act, but also of @ @ 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act. The latter provisions UNK any contract, UNK or conspiracy in restraint of interstate or foreign trade, and UNK of, or attempts, UNK or UNK to UNK such trade. However, this Court put to one side without consideration the Government's appeal from the dismissal of its Sherman Act UNK It rested its decision solely on @ 7, which reads in pertinent UNK " UNK corporation engaged in commerce shall UNK directly or UNK the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce, where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the UNK or to restrain such commerce in any section or community, or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce. @ This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about, or in attempting to bring about, the substantial lessening of competition **h". The purpose of this provision was thus explained in the Court's UNK " Section 7 is designed to arrest in its UNK not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation, but also to arrest in their UNK restraints or UNK in a relevant market which, as a reasonable probability, appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation. The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or UNK or the substantial lessening of competition, have occurred or are intended **h". 353 U& S&, at UNK Thus, a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was excluded from the Court's decision. Indeed, as already noted, the Court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between du Pont and General Motors acted UNK and UNK and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they deemed the best interests of their own companies. This, however, did not bar finding that du Pont had become UNK as a supplier of automotive fabrics and UNK to General UNK that these products constituted a UNK of UNK within the meaning of the Clayton Act; that General Motors' share of the market for these products was UNK and that competition for this share of the market was UNK by the financial relationship between the two UNK " The statutory policy of UNK free competition is obviously UNK when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an acquisition of his UNK stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute. We repeat, that the test of a violation of @ 7 is whether, at the time of suit, there is a reasonable probability that the acquisition is likely to result in the condemned UNK The conclusion upon this record is inescapable that such likelihood was proved as to this acquisition **h". 353 U& S&, at UNK On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion, the Court UNK the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief. The sole guidance given the Court for discharging the task committed to it was this: " The judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause UNK to the District Court for a UNK after further hearing, of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute. The District UNK in the framing of equitable UNK are UNK UNK large discretion to model their judgments to fit the UNK of the particular UNK UNK Salt UNK v& <United States,> 332 U& S& UNK UNK 353 U& S&, at UNK This brings us to the course of the proceedings in the District Court. UNK This Court's judgment was filed in the District Court on July 18, 1957. The first UNK UNK held to appoint <amici UNK to represent the interest of the stockholders of du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent UNK took place on September 25, 1957. At the UNK the Government's spokesman explained that counsel for the Government and for du Pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court. Du Pont, he said, had proposed UNK of its General Motors stock along with other restrictions on the du UNK Motors relationship. The Government, UNK these suggestions inadequate, had urged that any judgment include divestiture of du Pont's shares of General UNK Counsel for the Government invited du Pont's views on this proposal before recommending a specific program, but stated that if the court desired, or if counsel for du Pont thought further discussion would not be profitable, the Government was prepared to submit a plan within thirty days. Counsel for du Pont indicated a preference for the submission of detailed plans by both sides at an early date. No previous UNK case, he said, had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief. The submission of detailed plans would place the issues before the court more readily than would discussion of divestiture or UNK in the UNK The Court adopted this procedure with an appropriate time schedule for carrying it out. The Government submitted its proposed decree on October 25, 1957. The plan called for divestiture by du Pont of its UNK shares of General Motors stock by equal annual distributions to its stockholders, as a UNK over a period of ten years. Christiana UNK Company and Delaware UNK + Investment Company, major stockholders in du Pont, and the stockholders of Delaware were dealt with specially by provisions requiring the annual sale by a UNK again over a ten-year period, of du Pont's General Motors stock allocable to them, as well as any General Motors stock which Christiana and Delaware owned UNK If, in the UNK judgment, UNK market UNK did not prevail during any given year, he was to be allowed to petition the court for an extension of time within the ten-year period. In addition, the right to vote the General Motors stock held by du Pont was to be vested in du Pont's stockholders, other than Christiana and Delaware and the stockholders of UNK du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware were to be enjoined from acquiring stock in or exercising control over General UNK du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with General Motors, and vice UNK and General Motors and du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du Pont manufactured product, or for the grant of exclusive patent rights, or for a grant by General Motors to du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors, or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies. On motion of the <amici UNK the court directed that a ruling be obtained from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue as to the federal income tax consequences of the Government's plan. On May 9, 1958, the Commissioner announced his UNK The annual dividends paid to du Pont stockholders in shares of General Motors stock would be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of du Pont's earnings and profits. The measure, for federal income tax purposes, of the dividend to individual stockholders would be the fair market value of the shares at the time of each annual distribution. In the case of UNK corporate stockholders, the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or du Pont's tax basis for them, which is approximately UNK per share. The forced sale of the General Motors stock owned by or allocable to Christiana, Delaware, and the stockholders of Delaware, and deposited with the UNK would result in a tax to those parties at the capital gains rate. Du Pont's UNK was filed on May 14, 1958. Under its plan du Pont would retain its General Motors shares but be required to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares. Christiana and Delaware would, in turn, be required to pass on the voting rights to the General Motors shares allocable to them to their own stockholders. Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director, officer, or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors, and no director, officer, or employee of du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval. Du Pont would be denied the right to acquire any additional General Motors stock except through General Motors' distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders. On June 6, 1958, General Motors submitted its objections to the Government's UNK It argued, UNK UNK that a divestiture order would severely UNK the market value of the stock of both General Motors and du Pont, with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent UNK among them thousands of small trusts and charitable UNK that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks, with similar losses to the stockholders of those UNK that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity UNK and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity. General Motors UNK contended that the Government plan would not be "in the public UNK as required by the mandate of this Court. The decrees proposed by the <amici UNK were filed in August of 1958. These plans, like du Pont's contained provisions for passing the vote on du Pont's General Motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware, except that officers and directors of the three companies, their UNK and other people living in their UNK as well as other specified persons, were to be totally UNK Both plans also prohibited common UNK officers, or employees between du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware, on the one hand, and General Motors on the other. It is not a medieval mental UNK or an attitude UNK by UNK to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a UNK or that such a possibility should not be permitted to UNK the UNK of the marriage relationship. While it is easy enough to ridicule UNK UNK in UNK of the UNK from a metaphysical point of view, the concept of the UNK of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage. By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship, the Court today continues in the path UNK by the recent decision in UNK v& <United States>, UNK U&S& UNK where the Court held that, under the circumstances of that case, a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection. One need not waver in his belief in UNK law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance, and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself. One of these is the solidarity and the confidential relationship of marriage. The Court's opinion UNK asserts that the UNK conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship, and that hence the doctrine UNK an UNK into a rule of law". I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly UNK But in any event, I submit that the power to UNK belongs to Congress, not to this Court. I UNK UNK who claims to be a conscientious UNK was convicted of violating @ 12 (a) of the Universal Military Training and Service Act by refusing to be inducted into the armed forces. He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth UNK because (1) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice, he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board, and (2) at the trial, he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim. UNK On the record in this case, the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied UNK petitioner was not denied due UNK and his conviction is UNK Pp& UNK _(A)_ Petitioner was not denied due process in the administrative UNK because the statement in question was in his file, to which he had UNK and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the Department of Justice and before the appeal board. Pp& UNK _(B)_ Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer's notes and report, especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of UNK recommendation to the appeal board. Pp& UNK _(C)_ Petitioner was not entitled, either in the administrative hearing at the Department of Justice or at his trial, to inspect the original report of the Federal Bureau of UNK since he was furnished a resume of it, did not challenge its accuracy, and showed no particular need for the original report. Pp& UNK UNK C& UNK argued the cause and filed a brief for UNK UNK M& UNK argued the cause for the United States. On the brief were UNK General UNK Assistant Attorney General UNK Beatrice UNK and UNK F& UNK MR& UNK UNK delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a prosecution for refusal to be inducted into the armed services, in violation of the provisions of the Universal Military Training and Service Act, UNK Stat& UNK UNK 50 UNK UNK @ UNK UNK UNK who claims to be a conscientious UNK contends that he was denied due process, both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice and at trial. He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board, and, further, that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his UNK all in violation of the Fifth UNK The trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of the Act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such UNK Petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months' UNK The Court of Appeals UNK UNK F& 2d UNK We granted UNK in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act. UNK U& S& UNK We have concluded that UNK claims are controlled by the rationale of UNK v& <United States>, 348 U&S& UNK (1955), and <United UNK v& UNK UNK U&S& 1 (1953), and therefore affirm the judgment. Petitioner registered with Local Board No& 9, UNK Colorado, on March 17, 1952. His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of UNK UNK employed at night by a sugar UNK He claimed UNK classification as a minister of religion, devoting a minimum of 100 hours a month to preaching. On November 13, 1952, he was classified in Class UNK On November 22, 1952, he wrote the Board, protesting this UNK He again stated that he was "a regular UNK that he was UNK an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching UNK in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other UNK duties, and that he opposed war in any form. Thereafter he was classified UNK On April 1, 1953, after some six months of full-time UNK petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching, but failed to so notify his local board. In a periodic review, the local board on July 30, 1953, UNK him /1,-~A and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by UNK because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home. Upon administrative approval of the UNK he was ordered to report for induction on June 11, 1956, but failed to do so. He was not UNK however, and his case was subsequently UNK in the light of UNK v& <United States>, 348 U&S& UNK UNK He was again UNK /1,-~A by the local board. There followed a customary Department of Justice hearing, at which petitioner appeared. In his report to the Attorney General, the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from UNK training and service. On March 21, 1957, however, the Department recommended approval of the /1,-~A UNK Its ground for this recommendation was that, while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17, 1956 (as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that UNK that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching, the headquarters of the UNK UNK reported that he was no longer doing so and, on the contrary, had relinquished both his UNK and Bible Student UNK positions. It reported that he now devoted only some UNK hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities. His claim was therefore "so highly UNK the Department concluded, that it UNK doubt upon his UNK and, consequently, upon his sincerity and good faith". The appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation. In his answer thereto, he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956, and asserted that his only claim to UNK was in 1952. The appeal board, however, unanimously UNK in the Department's recommendation. Upon return of the file to the local board, petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so. Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity, before its final recommendation to the appeal board, to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching. But the statement of the local board attributing this claim to petitioner was in his file. He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times, and he could have UNK it before the hearing officer. This he failed to do, asserting that he did not know it to be in his file. Apparently he never took the trouble to find out. Nevertheless he had ample opportunity to contest the statement before the appeal board. After the recommendation of the Department is forwarded to the appeal board, that is the appropriate place for a UNK to UNK his UNK This he did. We found in UNK v& <United States, UNK that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a UNK We said there that it was necessary "that a UNK be given an opportunity to rebut [the UNK recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board, the agency with the ultimate responsibility for UNK 348 U&S&, at UNK We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to UNK UNK which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it. As was said in UNK "it is the Appeal Board which UNK the selective service determination considered UNK in the courts, not to be UNK unless there is no basis in fact. UNK v& <United States>, UNK U&S& UNK 348 U& S&, at UNK But there are other UNK which might be considered more difficult. At his trial, petitioner sought to secure through UNK UNK UNK the UNK notes of the Department's hearing officer, UNK as well as his report UNK Petitioner also claimed at trial the right to inspect the original Federal Bureau of Investigation reports to the Department of UNK He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence UNK nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose. Section 6 UNK of the Act, as we have held, does require the Department's recommendation to be placed in a UNK file. UNK v& <United States, UNK But there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer's report to be likewise turned over to the UNK While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer's report be placed in the UNK file, this requirement was eliminated in 1952. Moreover, the hearing officer's report is but UNK is directed to the Attorney General and, of course, is not the recommendation of the Department. It is not essentially different from a memorandum of an attorney in the Department of Justice, of which the Attorney General receives many, and to which he may give his approval or UNK It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board. It is also significant that neither this report nor the hearing officer's notes were furnished to the appeal board. Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to UNK the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board. Petitioner knew that the Department's recommendation was based not on the hearing officer's report but on the statement of the local board in his file. Having had every opportunity to rebut the finding of the local board before both the hearing officer and the appeal board, petitioner cannot now claim that he was denied due process because he did not UNK It appears to us that the same reasoning applies to the production of the hearing officer's report and notes at the trial. In addition, petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes. While there are now allegations of the withholding of UNK evidence developed at the UNK and a denial of a "full and fair UNK no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process. Moreover, his testimony at trial never developed any such facts. In the light of these circumstances, as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department's UNK which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record, we find no UNK in the hearing officer's report and notes. Finally petitioner says that he was entitled to inspect the ~FBI report during the proceedings before the hearing officer as well as at the trial. He did receive a resume of it- the same that was furnished the appeal UNK and he made no claim of its UNK Even now no such claim is UNK He bases his present contention on the general right to UNK indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the UNK But this is fully answered by <United UNK v& UNK UNK There we held "that the statutory scheme for review, within the selective service system, **h entitles UNK UNK to no guarantee that the ~FBI reports must be produced for their UNK UNK U&S&, at UNK Even if we were not bound by UNK petitioner here would not be entitled to the report. The recommendation of the UNK as well as the decision of the appeal UNK was based entirely on the local board file, not on an ~FBI report. UNK UNK IN ITS UNK UNK With this enlarged role in mind, I should like to make a few UNK What we in the United States do or do not do will make a very large difference in what happens in the rest of the world. We in this Department must think about foreign policy in its total context. We cannot regard foreign policy as something left over after defense policy or trade policy or fiscal policy has been UNK Foreign policy is the total involvement of the American people with peoples and governments abroad. That means that, if we are to achieve a new standard of leadership, we must think in terms of the total context of our situation. It is the concern of the Department of State that the American people are safe and UNK defense is not a monopoly concern of the Department of UNK It is also the concern of the Department of State that our trading relationships with the rest of the world are vigorous, profitable, and UNK this is not just a passing interest or a matter of concern only to the Department of Commerce. We can no longer rely on UNK machinery UNK UNK to resolve differences between this and other departments. Assistant UNK of State will now carry an increased burden of active formulation and coordination of policies. Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy. I think we need to concern ourselves also with the UNK of action. Every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer. Unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead, we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present. The movement of events is so fast, the pace so UNK that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present. If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act UNK that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs. Action taken today is often far more valuable than action taken several months later in response to a situation then out of control. There will of course be times for delay and UNK What I am suggesting is that when we UNK or when we fail to act, we do so intentionally and not through UNK or through bureaucratic or procedural difficulties. I also hope that we can do something about reducing the infant mortality rate of UNK an UNK of all UNK We want to stimulate ideas from the bottom to the top of the Department. We want to make sure that our junior colleagues realize that ideas are UNK that initiative goes right down to the bottom and goes all the way to the top. I hope no one expects that only Presidential appointees are looked upon as sources of ideas. The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function, regardless of rank. Further, I would hope that we could pay attention to little things. While observing the operations of our Government in various parts of the world, I have felt that in many situations where our policies were good we have tended to ignore minor problems which UNK our main effort. To cite only a few examples: The wrong man in the wrong position, perhaps even in a junior position abroad, can be a source of great harm to our UNK the attitudes of a U&N& delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City, or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our UNK can be easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for. UNK of seemingly small matters go wrong all over the world. Sometimes those who know about them are too far down the line to be able to do anything about them. I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them. If the Department of State is to take primary responsibility for foreign policy in Washington, it follows that the ambassador is expected to take charge UNK This does not mean in a purely bureaucratic sense but in an active, operational, UNK responsible fashion. He is expected to know about what is going on among the representatives of other agencies who are stationed in his country. He is expected to UNK to encourage, to direct, to assist in any way he can. If any official operation abroad begins to go wrong, we shall look to the ambassador to find out why and to get suggestions for UNK action. #THE PROBLEMS OF A UNK UNK It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years, in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means, and of developing a certain UNK for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government. I tried to do so by calling to their attention some of the problems that a senior UNK policy officer faces. This means practically everybody in this room. Whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to UNK The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of UNK an idea in his own head, the suggestions of a colleague, a question from the Secretary or the President, a proposal by another department, a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad, the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies, a news item read at the breakfast table, a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference, a speech by a Senator or UNK an article in a UNK a resolution from a national organization, a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad, et UNK ad UNK The policy officer lives with his antennae UNK for the questions which fall within his range of responsibility. His first thought is about the question UNK Is there a question here for American foreign policy, and, if so, what is it? For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is- that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself, and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer. UNK it over with his colleagues and in his own mind, he reaches a tentative identification of the question- tentative because it may change as he UNK it further and because, if no UNK answer can be found, it may have to be changed into one which can be answered. Meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem, facts which he knows can never be complete, and the general background, much of which has already been lost to history. He is UNK of the expert help available to him and draws these resources into play, taking care to examine at least some of the raw material which UNK their frequently UNK conclusions. He knows that he must give the expert his place, but he knows that he must also keep him in it. He is already beginning to box the compass of alternative lines of action, including doing nothing. He knows that he is thinking about action in relation to a future which can be perceived but dimly through a UNK UNK But he takes his bearings from the great UNK of policy, well-established UNK the commitments of the United States under international UNK and UNK basic statutes, and UNK notions of the American people about how we are to conduct ourselves, in policy literature such as country papers and National Security Council papers accumulated in the Department. He will not be surprised to find that general principles produce conflicting results in the factual situation with which he is UNK He must think about which of these principles must take UNK He will know that general policy papers written months before may not fit his problem because of crucial changes in UNK He is aware that every moderately important problem UNK UNK into every other problem. He must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the UNK when the whole is too large to UNK He must think of others who have a stake in the question and in its answer. Who should be consulted among his colleagues in the Department or other departments and agencies of the UNK Which American ambassadors could provide helpful UNK Are private interests sufficiently involved to be UNK What is the probable attitude of other governments, including those less directly UNK How and at what stage and in what sequence are other governments to be UNK If action is indicated, what kind of action is relevant to the UNK The selection of the wrong tools can mean UNK at best, and at worst an unwanted UNK of the problem itself. Can the President or the Secretary act under existing authority, or will new legislation and new money be UNK Should the action be unilateral or UNK Is the matter one for the United Nations or some other international UNK For, if so, the path leads through a complex process of parliamentary diplomacy which adds still another dimension to the problem. UNK FOR THE UNK OF UNK What type of action can hope to win public support, first in this country and then UNK For the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it. He is interested in public opinion for two reasons: first, because it is important in itself, and, second, because he knows that the American public cares about a decent respect for the opinions of mankind. And, given probable public UNK about which reasonably good estimates can be UNK what action is called for to insure necessary UNK May I add a caution on this particular UNK We do not want policy officers below the level of Presidential appointees to concern themselves too much with problems of domestic politics in recommending foreign policy action. In the first place our business is foreign policy, and it is the business of the Presidential leadership and his appointees in the Department to consider the domestic political aspects of a problem. Mr& Truman emphasized this point by saying, "You fellows in the Department of State don't know much about domestic UNK This is an important consideration. If we sit here reading editorials and looking at UNK polls and other reports that cross our UNK we should realize that this is UNK UNK opinion expressed in the absence of leadership. What the American people will do turns in large degree on their leadership. We cannot test public opinion until the President and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action. I doubt, for example, that, 3 months before the leadership began to talk about what came to be the Marshall plan, any UNK expert would have said that the country would have accepted such UNK The problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a UNK of utterly complicated UNK political, military, economic, UNK legal, UNK UNK UNK to be UNK out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control. And the policy officer has the UNK of time snapping at his heels. While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex, there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women. The Peace Corps should not pay the expenses of a wife or family, unless the wife is also accepted for full-time Peace Corps work on the same project. There should be no draft exemption because of Peace Corps service. In most cases service in the Corps will probably be considered a ground for temporary UNK Peace Corps volunteers obviously should not be paid what they might earn in comparable activities in the United States. Nor would it be possible in many cases for them to live in health or any effectiveness on what their counterparts abroad are paid. The guiding principle indeed should not be anything like compensation for individual services. Rather the principle should be akin to that of the UNK Peace Corps volunteers should be given just enough to provide a minimum decent standard of living. They should live in modest circumstances, avoiding all conspicuous consumption. Wherever possible they should live with their host country counterparts. Some special health requirements might have to be met. For example, it probably will be necessary for the Corps to have authority to pay medical expenses of volunteers. Perhaps existing Public Health Service, State Department and Armed Services medical facilities can be UNK For UNK to the U&S&, volunteers should be given some separation allowance at the end of their overseas service, based on the length of time served. UNK IN WHAT UNK OF THE GOVERNMENT SHOULD THE PEACE CORPS BE UNK The idea of a Peace Corps has captured the imagination of a great many people. Support for it cuts across party, regional, ethnic and other lines. The Peace Corps, therefore, offers an opportunity to add a new dimension to our approach to the world- an opportunity for the American people to think anew and start UNK in their participation in world development. For this, the Peace Corps should be administered by a small, new, alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation. UNK the reorganization of our foreign aid structure and program, the Peace Corps should be established as an agency in the Department of State. When the aid operations are reorganized the Peace Corps should remain a UNK functional unit. Meanwhile, the Peace Corps could be physically located in UNK facilities and depend on the State Department and UNK for administrative support and, when needed, program assistance. In this way the Peace Corps can be launched with its own identity and spirit and yet receive the necessary assistance from those now responsible for United States foreign policy and our overseas operations. UNK HOW AND WHEN SHOULD THE PEACE CORPS BE UNK The Peace Corps can either begin in very low UNK with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when Congress finally UNK special funds for it- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action, with sufficient funds and made available from existing Mutual Security appropriations to permit a number of substantial projects to start this summer. The Peace Corps should be launched soon so that the opportunity to recruit the most qualified people from this year's graduating classes will not be lost. Nor should we lose the opportunity to use this summer for training on university UNK If launched in a careful but determined way within the next few weeks, the Peace Corps could have several hundred persons in training this summer for placement next UNK Within a year or two several thousand might be in service. It can then grow steadily as it proves itself and as the need for it is demonstrated. UNK WHAT WOULD THE FIRST UNK UNK In the first year there should probably be considerable emphasis on teaching projects. The need here is most clearly felt and our capacity to recruit and train qualified volunteers in a short period of time is UNK There would, however, be a variety of other UNK medical, UNK UNK which would be called for in the first year through the private agency programs and through the provision of technician UNK to existing development projects. The first year's projects should also be spread through several countries in Latin America, Africa and UNK UNK HOW WILL THE PEACE CORPS BE UNK UNK Although the need for outside trained manpower exists in every newly developing nation, the readiness to receive such UNK or to receive it from the United States will vary from country to country. A certain UNK about the coming of Americans is to be expected in many UNK UNK political groups will no doubt do everything in their power to promote active UNK But there are indications that many developing nations will welcome Peace Corps volunteers, and that if the volunteers are well chosen, they will soon demonstrate their value and make many friends. It is important, however, that the Peace Corps be advanced not as an arm of the Cold War but as a contribution to the world community. In presenting it to other governments and to the United Nations, we could propose that every nation consider the formation of its own peace corps and that the United Nations sponsor the idea and form an international coordinating committee. We should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands. In any case, our Peace Corps personnel should be offered as technician UNK in development projects of the U&N& and other international agencies. The Peace Corps is not a diplomatic or propaganda venture but a genuine experiment in international UNK Our aim must be to learn as much as we teach. The Peace Corps offers an opportunity to bring home to the United States the problems of the world as well as an opportunity to meet urgent host country needs for trained UNK If presented in this spirit, the response and the results will be UNK better. UNK HOW WILL IT BE UNK The already appropriated funds within the discretion of the President and Secretary of State under the Mutual Security Act are the only immediately available source of financing this summer's pilot programs of the Peace Corps. If it is decided to make a small shift which may be required from military aid or special assistance funds, in order to carry out the purposes of the Mutual Security Act through this new peaceful program, this will be a hopeful sign to the world. Congress should then be asked to give the Peace Corps a firm legislative foundation for the next fiscal year. UNK Congress should consider authorizing the Peace Corps to receive contributions from American businesses, UNK civic organizations and the public at large. For this must be the project of the whole American people. An Advisory Council of outstanding public figures with experience in world affairs should be formed to give the program continuing guidance and to afford a focal point for public understanding. UNK should also be taken to link the Food for Peace Program with the Peace Corps, so that foreign currencies accumulated by the sale of U&S& surplus food under UNK UNK can be put to use to pay some of the host country expenses of Peace Corps personnel. The extent to which participating bodies such as U& S& voluntary agencies, universities, international organizations, and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the Peace Corps programs must be fully UNK UNK IS IT UNK THE UNK AND THE UNK No matter how well conceived and efficiently run, there probably will be UNK These could be costly and have a serious effect both at home and abroad. But as the popular response suggests, the potentiality of the Peace Corps is very great. It can contribute to the development of critical countries and regions. It can promote international cooperation and good will toward this country. It can also contribute to the education of America and to more intelligent American participation in the world. With thousands of young Americans going to work in developing areas, millions of Americans will become more directly involved in the world than ever before. With colleges and universities carrying a large part of the program, and with students looking toward Peace Corps service, there will be an impact on educational curriculum and student UNK The letters home, the talks later given by returning members of the Peace Corps, the influence on the lives of those who spend two or three years in hard work UNK all this may combine to provide a substantial popular base for responsible American policies toward the world. And this is meeting the world's need, too, since what the world most needs from this country is better understanding of the world. The Peace Corps thus can add a new dimension to America's world UNK one for which people here and abroad have long been waiting. As you said in your State of the Union message. "The problems **h are towering and UNK and the response must be towering and unprecedented as well". #TO THE UNK OF THE UNITED UNK I recommend to the Congress the establishment of a permanent Peace UNK <a pool of trained American men and women sent overseas by the U&S& Government or through private organizations and institutions to help foreign countries meet their urgent needs for skilled UNK I have today signed an Executive Order establishing a Peace Corps on a temporary pilot basis. The temporary Peace Corps will be a source of information and experience to aid us in UNK more effective plans for a permanent organization. In addition, by starting the Peace Corps now we will be able to begin training young men and women for overseas duty this summer with the objective of placing them in overseas positions by late fall. This temporary Peace Corps is being established under existing authority in the Mutual Security Act and will be located in the Department of State. Its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program. Throughout the world the people of the newly developing nations are struggling for economic and social progress which reflects their deepest desires. Our own freedom, and the future of freedom around the world, UNK in a very real sense, on their ability to build growing and independent nations where men can live in dignity, liberated from the bonds of hunger, ignorance and UNK One of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development UNK men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly UNK economics, and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages, the mountains, the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations. The vast task of economic development urgently requires skilled people to do the work of the UNK to help teach in the schools, construct development projects, demonstrate modern methods of sanitation in the villages, and perform a hundred other tasks calling for training and advanced knowledge. To meet this urgent need for skilled manpower we are proposing the establishment of a Peace UNK an organization which will recruit and train American volunteers, sending them abroad to work with the people of other nations. This organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work. They will help provide the skilled manpower necessary to carry out the development projects planned by the host governments, acting at a working level and serving at great personal sacrifice. There is little doubt that the number of those who wish to serve will be far greater than our capacity to absorb them. UNK UNK UNK In 1960 UNK of the UNK million recreation visits to the National Forests and Grasslands were for the primary purpose of hunting and fishing. Hunter and UNK visits since 1949 have increased 8 times faster than the nationwide sale of hunting and fishing UNK This use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by UNK The long-range objective of habitat management is to make it fully productive so as to support fish and game populations to contribute to the need for public use and enjoyment. The wildlife habitat management proposals for the 10-year period are: _1._ UNK and complete wildlife habitat management and improvement plans for all administrative units, assuring proper coordination between wildlife habitat management and other resources. _2._ UNK and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other Federal agencies and with the States in which National Forests and Grasslands are located, as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs, including (a) UNK UNK and UNK habitat surveys and investigations on the UNK million acres of National Forests and UNK (b) UNK habitat surveys and investigations on the UNK miles of National Forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and UNK and (c) participation in planning, UNK and control phases of all habitat UNK UNK and UNK projects conducted on National Forest lands by States, other Federal agencies, and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values. _3._ UNK food and cover on 1.5 million acres of key wildlife areas. _4._ UNK wildlife openings, food UNK and game ways in dense UNK by clearing or controlled burning on UNK acres. _5._ UNK UNK miles of fishing streams and UNK acres of lakes by stabilizing banks, planting UNK cover, and constructing channel UNK UNK The total adverse impact of disease, insects, fire, weather, destructive animals, and other forces on the uses and values of forest resources is not generally recognized. They kill and UNK retard or prevent reproduction and growth, impair and damage values, and disrupt UNK The loss in growth of sawtimber because of damage by destructive agencies in the United States in 1952 was estimated to be about UNK billion board feet. If it were not for the effect of destructive agencies, sawtimber growth would have been nearly twice as great as the 47 billion board feet in 1952. About 45 percent of the loss in growth was attributable to disease, 20 percent to insects, 17 percent to fire, and 18 percent to weather, animals, and various other causes. These destructive forces also have a seriously adverse effect upon the UNK and their UNK UNK and upon the other UNK forest resources. The long-range objective is to hold the damage from destructive agencies below the level which would seriously interfere with intensive management of the National Forest System under principles of multiple use and UNK sustained yield of products and services. This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods, and a more intensive application of a program of prevention, detection, and control of insect and disease UNK In addition to direct protection measures, more intensive management of timber resources will assist in reduction of losses from insects and disease. _PROTECTION FROM UNK AND UNK In the 10-year period, it is proposed that insect and disease control on the National Forest System be stepped up to a level of prevention, detection, and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the initial period. This will require about a 40 percent increase over the present level of protection. The work will consist of: _1._ UNK of present activities through (a) UNK more UNK and more thorough surveys to detect incipient UNK (b) more reliable evaluation of the potential of initial UNK to cause widespread UNK (c) UNK and more effective control action in the initial stages to prevent a large-scale epidemic. The initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being UNK _2._ UNK of present UNK rust control work plus extension of control to 250,000 acres not now protected but which should be managed for white pine production. The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed. _3._ UNK a program to control UNK on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young UNK sawtimber on better growing sites. _4._ UNK of pest control objectives with timber management activities to reduce losses. _PROTECTION FROM UNK It is proposed that in 10 years all commercial UNK all critical UNK and other lands in the National Forest System developed or proposed for intensive use will be given protection from fire adequate to meet the fire situation in the worst years and under serious peak UNK This will include UNK million acres compared with 23 million acres now receiving such protection. An additional 15 million acres will be given a lesser degree of protection but adequate to meet the average fire situation. Meeting these levels of protection from fire calls for: _1._ UNK UNK and development of fire control to a UNK and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards. This is to be accomplished by nearly doubling the present level of preventive effort, detection, skilled UNK UNK and equipment use. This will include a UNK program of training and development of personnel. _2._ UNK and use of new and modern techniques being developed for prevention, for suppression of fires while small, and for stopping large fires while running and burning UNK _3._ UNK of hazardous fuel conditions to minimize the chances of large fires developing and spreading to high-value areas. This work will cover the most serious one-fourth of all land UNK such treatment, and will consist of burning 250,000 acres of highly hazardous debris concentration, UNK UNK on UNK acres of high UNK areas, prescribed burning on 3.5 million UNK removing UNK fuel on UNK UNK and clearing and maintaining UNK miles of UNK _PROTECTION FROM OTHER UNK UNK control work for the 10-year period will be aimed at control of the most serious infestations of harmful UNK such as UNK and mice, on high-value areas of UNK and commercial UNK These areas comprise about half of the total area of UNK UNK on the National Forests. Approximately UNK million acres of UNK and UNK million acres of UNK would be treated in this period. Control would be limited to those UNK for which economical means of control are known. UNK AND UNK The transportation system which serves the National Forests is a complex of highways and access roads and trails under various ownerships and UNK This system is divided into a forest highway system, administered by the Secretary of Commerce, and a forest development road and trail system, administered by the Secretary of Agriculture. Both of these systems are essential for the production, development, and use of the National Forests. In the forest highway system, there are now UNK miles of public roads. These are mostly through highways that carry traffic going from one UNK to another. Because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties, this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to its that are needed. It is estimated that about 70,000 miles of forest highways will eventually be needed to fully serve the National Forests. In the forest development road and trail system, there are now UNK miles of roads and UNK miles of UNK foot and horse trails. These roads are largely of less than highway standards, and usually carry traffic which is related to use of the National Forests. Construction and maintenance of this system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Agriculture. It is estimated that about UNK miles of forest development roads, and UNK miles of trails, constitute the system that will eventually be needed to obtain the maximum practicable yield and use of the wood, water, UNK and wildlife and recreation resources of the National Forests on a continuing basis. The ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife utilization and fire protection. It will be carefully planned to maintain optimum service to these important resources and UNK The presence or lack of access by road or trail has a direct and controlling influence on all phases of forest management and utilization such as: _(A)_ the protection of UNK UNK and wildlife resources from fire, insects, and UNK _(B)_ the balanced use of UNK hunting, and fishing UNK _(C)_ the volume of timber that can be UNK especially for small sales and the support of dependent communities and small business UNK _(D)_ the level of salvage cutting in dead and dying timber stands and the opportunity to promptly salvage losses resulting from fire, UNK insects, and UNK _(E)_ the protection of watershed lands from erosion and UNK by animals. The existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all National Forest purposes that is not otherwise possible. Furthermore, roads that give access to National Forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years. Use of these roads by the public results in substantial benefits to the UNK the roads UNK The long-range objective of this Department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the National Forest System at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services. For the year 2000 this means servicing (a) the protection requirements of a watershed producing at least 200 million UNK of water each year, (b) recreation and wildlife resources used each year by UNK million visitors, (c) a timber resource supporting an annual cut of 21 billion board feet, and (d) 60 million acres of UNK Service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about UNK miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails, along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about UNK miles of roads and UNK miles of trails. About UNK miles of existing trails will be replaced in service by the construction of new roads. About 80 percent of these long-range requirements should be met by the year UNK Program proposals for forest development roads and trails for the 10-year period UNK are as follows: _1._ UNK the construction and reconstruction of about UNK miles of UNK roads and 8,000 miles of trails. This constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities. Approximately 40 percent of the value of the work on roads for access to timber which are planned for this period will be constructed by purchasers of National Forest UNK but paid for by the Government through adjustment of UNK prices. _2._ UNK maintenance to full standards on the UNK miles of existing access roads and trails and on the new roads and trails constructed during the period. UNK UNK UNK PURCHASE, UNK UNK Within the units in the National Forest System the pattern of land ownership is quite UNK In some units, National Forest ownership is well blocked together. In many others, the previous UNK of land under the public land laws, or the way in which land was available for purchase, resulted in a scattered pattern of ownership. Within exterior boundaries of National Forests and National UNK there are about UNK acres in UNK ownership. One consequence is the occurrence of occasional conflicts because private owners of some inholdings object to public programs of use on neighboring National Forest or other Federal land, or because such ownerships are developed for uses that are not compatible with use for the public of neighboring National Forest land. Some privately held inholdings are a source of direct damage to these Federal lands. And UNK which are suitable for tree growing and for other National Forest purposes, are UNK or in need of expensive UNK and are contributing nothing to the UNK there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed. UNK in this last category are situated largely in the mountainous portions of the Eastern States. The long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of inholdings which comprise key tracts for recognized National Forest programs such as recreation development, or which are a source of damage to lands in National Forests and National UNK UNK and tactics of the U&S& military forces are now undergoing one of the greatest transitions in history. The change of emphasis from UNK to UNK warfare must be made with care, mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other. Our military forces must be capable of UNK successfully with any contingency which may be forced upon us, from limited emergencies to all-out nuclear general war. UNK AND UNK UNK UNK This budget will provide in the fiscal year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level- a UNK strength of UNK men and women in the active forces. The forces to be supported include an Army of 14 divisions and UNK men; a Navy of UNK active ships and UNK men; a Marine Corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with UNK men; and an Air Force of UNK combat wings and UNK men. If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war, their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces. UNK and combat readiness must take UNK over mere numbers. Under modern conditions, this is especially true of the ready UNK I have requested the Secretary of Defense to UNK the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare. Last year the Congress discontinued its previously imposed minimum personnel strength limitations on the Army UNK Similar restrictions on the strength of the Army National Guard contained in the 1960 Department of Defense UNK Act should likewise be UNK I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military UNK I again proposed a reduction in the Army National Guard and Army UNK from their present strengths of UNK and UNK respectively, to UNK and UNK by the end of the fiscal year 1961. These strengths are considered adequate to meet the essential roles and missions of the reserves in support of our national security objectives. UNK UNK UNK About 30% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense in 1961 are for military personnel costs, including pay for active, UNK and retired military personnel. These expenditures are estimated to be UNK billion, an increase of UNK million over 1960, reflecting additional UNK pay of career personnel, more UNK an increased number of men drawing UNK pay, and social security tax increases UNK for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960). UNK pay costs are increased by UNK million in 1961 over 1960, partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel. These increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of UNK million in expenditures for the reserve forces, largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army Reserve components during 1961. UNK rates of pay for retired military personnel have been proportionate to current rates of pay for active personnel. The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a UNK increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1, 1958. I endorse pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates. UNK AND UNK UNK for operating and maintaining the stations and equipment of the Armed Forces are estimated to be UNK billion in 1961, which is UNK million more than in 1960. The increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment. A substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program, as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential. Also, the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures. Further increases arise from the civilian employee health program enacted by the Congress last year. Other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour, up UNK in two years, and of each UNK hour, up UNK In UNK these increases in operating costs UNK the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures, such as reduced numbers of units and installations, smaller inventories of major equipment, and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the Armed Forces. In the budget message for 1959, and again for 1960, I recommended immediate repeal of section UNK of the Act of September 28, 1951 UNK Stat& UNK This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense UNK from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the UNK on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of UNK As I have stated UNK the Attorney General has advised me that this section UNK fundamental constitutional principles. Accordingly, if it is not UNK by the Congress at its present session, I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise. Basic UNK communications in Alaska are now provided through Federal facilities operated by the Army, Air Force, and Federal UNK UNK The growing communications needs of this new State can best be met, as they have in other States, through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise. UNK has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these UNK systems in Alaska, and its early enactment is desirable. UNK UNK AND UNK Approximately UNK of the expenditures for the Department of Defense are for procurement, research, development, and construction programs. In 1961, these expenditures are estimated at UNK billion, compared to UNK billion in 1960. The UNK which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement, are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks, vehicles, guns, and electronic devices. UNK for UNK are estimated at about the same level as in 1960. New UNK authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement (excluding amounts for related research and UNK totals UNK million, which is UNK million below that enacted for 1960. On the other hand, the new authority of UNK million proposed for missile procurement (excluding research and UNK in 1961 is UNK million higher than for 1960. These contrasting trends in procurement reflect the anticipated changes in the composition and missions of our Armed Forces in the years ahead. The Department of Defense appropriation acts for the past several years have contained a rider which limits competitive bidding by firms in other countries on certain military supply items. As I have repeatedly stated, this provision is much more restrictive than the general law, popularly known as the UNK American Act. I urge once again that the Congress not UNK this UNK The task of providing a reasonable level of military strength, without endangering other vital aspects of our security, is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress. The last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history. Some weapons systems have become UNK while still in production, and some while still under development. Furthermore, unexpectedly rapid progress or a technological UNK on any one weapon system, in itself, often UNK the relative importance of other competitive systems. This has necessitated a continuous review and UNK of the defense program in order to UNK resources to the newer and more important weapons systems and to eliminate or reduce effort on weapons systems which have been UNK by events. Thus, in the last few years, a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated. For example, the importance of the UNK /2,, a very promising UNK UNK missile designed to be launched by UNK submarines, was greatly diminished by the successful acceleration of the much more advanced Polaris ballistic missile launched by submerged UNK Another example is the recent UNK of the UNK a long-range UNK with a speed three times as great as the speed of sound, which was designed for use against manned bombers in the period of the UNK The substantial progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles. Considering the high cost of the UNK system- over $4 billion for the force that had been UNK and the time period in which it would become operational, it was decided to stop further work on the project. Meanwhile, other air defense forces are being made effective, as described later in this message. The size and scope of other important programs have been reduced from earlier plans. UNK in this category are the Jupiter and UNK intermediate range ballistic missiles, which have been successfully developed, produced, and UNK but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile. The impact of technological factors is also illustrated by the history of the high-energy fuel program. This project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high-energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft, particularly our heavy UNK Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this UNK coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means, have now raised serious questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program. As a result, the scope of this project has been sharply UNK These examples UNK the importance of even more searching evaluations of new major development programs and even more penetrating and UNK analyses of the potentialities of future technology. The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development, in determining the most satisfactory rate of development, and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it. UNK UNK The deterrent power of our Armed Forces comes from both their nuclear UNK capability and their capability to conduct other essential operations in any form of war. The first capability is represented by a combination of manned UNK UNK aircraft, and intercontinental and intermediate range missiles. The second capability is represented by our UNK ground, UNK and air forces in essential forward areas, together with ready reserves capable of effecting early emergency UNK The Strategic Air Command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear UNK One of the important and difficult decisions which had to be made in this budget concerned the role of the UNK a long-range supersonic UNK This aircraft, which was planned for initial operational use about 1965, would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems, all of which are scheduled to become available earlier. The first Atlas UNK are now operational, the first two Polaris submarines are expected to be operational this calendar year, and the first UNK UNK next year. The UNK UNK ~ICBM is planned to be operational about UNK By 1965, several or all of these systems will have been fully tested and their UNK established. Thus, the need for the ~B-70 as a strategic weapon system is UNK However, I am recommending that development work on the ~B-70 UNK and engines be continued. It is expected that in 1963 two UNK aircraft will be available for flight testing. By that time we should be in a much better position to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system. I am recommending additional UNK of the improved version of the ~B-52 (the UNK with the new UNK UNK and procurement of the UNK supersonic medium UNK together with the supporting UNK UNK in each case. These additional modern bombers will replace some of the older UNK medium UNK one ~B-52 can do the work of several UNK which it will UNK Funds are also included in this budget to continue the UNK of the ~B-52 wings with the Hound Dog UNK missile. In the coming fiscal year additional quantities of UNK UNK and Polaris missiles also will be UNK Purchase authorizations will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities, including the classes, types and/or varieties of food grain, the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees accruing from such sale, and other relevant matters. _3._ The United States recognizes the desire of India to UNK as quickly as possible, a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this Agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in India. Under this Agreement the first annual review of rice UNK will be made in August 1960. At that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the United States supplies of rice available for Title /1, UNK UNK production, consumption and stocks of food grains, other imports from the United States and countries friendly to the United States, UNK storage capacity, and other related factors, any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice UNK which is currently planned for procurement during the first year. _4._ The two Governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after June 30, 1961, shall be dependent upon the determination by the United States Government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under Title /1, of the Act at that time. The United States Government shall have the right to terminate the financing of further sales under this Agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after June 30, 1961, that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international UNK #ARTICLE /2, UNK OF UNK _1._ The two Governments agree that the rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement will be used by the Government of the United States of America, in such manner and order of priority as the Government of the United States of America shall UNK for the following purposes in the amounts UNK _(A)_ For United States expenditures under UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK through UNK of Section 104 of the Act or under any of such UNK the rupee equivalent of $200 million. _(B)_ For grant to the Government of India under subsection (~e) of Section 104 of the Act, the rupee equivalent of not more than UNK million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to time be mutually agreed. _(C)_ For loan to the Government of India under subsection UNK of Section 104 of the Act, the rupee equivalent of not more than UNK million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may be mutually agreed. The terms and conditions of the loan and other provisions will be set forth in a separate agreement by the two UNK In the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this Agreement, the Government of the United States of America may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by Section 104 of the Act. _2._ In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of UNK million, the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1, Article /2, will be adjusted proportionately. #ARTICLE /3, UNK OF UNK The deposit of rupees to the account of the Government of the United States of America in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the Government of the United States of America (except excess costs resulting from the requirement that United States flag vessels be UNK shall be made at the rate of exchange for United States dollars generally applicable to import transactions (excluding imports granted a preferential UNK in effect on the dates of dollar UNK by United States banks, or by the Government of the United States of America, as provided in the purchase UNK #ARTICLE /4, UNK UNK _1._ The Government of India agrees that it will take all possible measures to prevent the UNK or UNK to other countries or the use for other than domestic purposes (except where such UNK UNK or use is specifically approved by the Government of the United States of UNK of the surplus agricultural commodities purchased pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, and to assure that the purchase of such commodities does not result in increased availability of these or like commodities for export from India. _2._ The two Governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities, pursuant to the Agreement will not displace usual UNK of the United States of America in these commodities, or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries. _3._ In carrying out this Agreement, the two Governments will seek to UNK to the extent UNK conditions of commerce permitting private traders to function effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities. _4._ The Government of India agrees to UNK upon request of the United States of America, information on the progress of the program, particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual UNK and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities. #ARTICLE /5, UNK The two Governments will, upon the request of either of them, consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this Agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this UNK #ARTICLE UNK UNK INTO UNK The agreement shall enter into force upon UNK IN UNK WHEREOF, the respective representatives, duly authorized for the purpose, have signed the present UNK UNK at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960. FOR THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED UNK OF UNK UNK D& UNK FOR THE GOVERNMENT OF UNK S& K& UNK UNK I have the honor to refer to the Agricultural UNK Agreement signed today between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of India UNK referred to as the UNK and, with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article /2, of the Agreement, to state that the understanding of the Government of the United States of America is as follows: _1._ With respect to Article /2,, UNK 1 (~a) of the UNK UNK The Government of India will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million UNK to a maximum of $1 million per UNK accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than United States dollars on request of the Government of the United States of America. This facility is needed for the purpose of securing funds to finance agricultural market development activities of the Government of the United States in other countries. The Government of the United States of America may utilize rupees in India to pay for goods and services, including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in India and other countries. UNK The rupee equivalent of UNK million, but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the Agreement will be used for loans to be made by the Export-Import Bank of Washington under Section 104 (~e) of the Agricultural Trade Development and UNK Act, as amended UNK referred to as the UNK and for administrative expenses of the Export-Import Bank of Washington in India incident thereto. It is understood that: _(A)_ Such loans under Section 104 (~e) of the Act will be made to United States business firms and UNK UNK or UNK of such firms in India for business development and trade expansion in India and to United States firms and to Indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the UNK distribution, or otherwise increasing the consumption of and markets for United States agricultural products. In the event the rupees set aside for loans under Section 104 (~e) of the Act are not advanced within six years from the date of this Agreement because the Export-Import Bank of Washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Department of Economic Affairs of the Government of India, the Government of the United States of America may use the rupees for any purpose authorized by Section 104 of the Act. _(B)_ UNK will be mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Government of India acting through the Department of Economic Affairs of the Ministry of UNK The Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs, or his UNK will act for the Government of India, and the President of the Export-Import Bank of Washington, or his UNK will act for the Export-Import Bank of Washington. _(C)_ Upon UNK of an application which the Export-Import Bank is prepared to consider, the Export-Import Bank will inform the Department of Economic Affairs of the identity of the UNK the nature of the proposed business, the amount of the proposed loan, and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be UNK _(D)_ When the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application, it will so notify the Department of Economic Affairs and will indicate the interest rate and the UNK period which would be used under the proposed loan. The interest rate will be similar to those prevailing in India on comparable loans and the UNK will be consistent with the purposes of the UNK _(E)_ Within sixty days after the UNK of notice that the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application the Department of Economic Affairs will indicate to the Export-Import Bank whether or not the Department of Economic Affairs has any objection to the proposed loan. Unless within the UNK period the Export-Import Bank has received such a communication from the Department of Economic Affairs it shall be understood that the Department of Economic Affairs has no objection to the proposed loan. When the Export-Import Bank UNK or declines the proposed loan, it will notify the Department of Economic Affairs. _2._ With respect to Article /2,, paragraphs 1 (~b) and 1 UNK UNK of Section 104 (~e) and Section UNK UNK The Government of India will use the amount of rupees granted or loaned to it by the United States pursuant to paragraphs UNK and UNK for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the authorized representatives of the United States and the authorized representatives of the Government of India, in the following UNK _A._ Agriculture. _B._ UNK including the production of UNK UNK and power, transport and UNK and credit institutions. UNK Public health, education, and rehabilitation. UNK Other economic development projects consistent with the purposes of Sections 104 (~e) and 104 UNK of the Act. The Government of India further agrees in cooperation with the Government of the United States, to coordinate the use of grant and loan funds provided for in paragraphs 1 (~b) and 1 (~c) of Article /2, with such direct dollar assistance as may be made available by the Government of the United States of America, so that both sources of financing may be channeled to specific and clearly identifiable economic development programs and projects. _3._ It is agreed that any goods delivered or services rendered after the date of this agreement for projects within categories ~A, ~B, and ~C under paragraph 2 above which may later be approved by the United States will be eligible for financing from currency granted or loaned to the Government of India. _4._ With regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article /2, of the Agreement, the understanding of the Government of the United States of America, with respect to both paragraphs 1 (~b) and 1 (~c) of Article /2, is as follows: UNK Local currency will be advanced or UNK to the Government of India for financing agreed projects under paragraphs 1 (~b) and 1 (~c) of Article /2, of the Agreement upon the presentation of such UNK as the United States may UNK UNK The Government of India shall maintain or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 (~b) and 1 (~c) of Article /2, of the Agreement, to disclose the use thereof in the projects and to record the progress of the projects (including the cost UNK The books and records with respect to each project shall be maintained for the duration of the project, or until the expiration of three years after final UNK for the project has been made by the United States, UNK is later. The two Governments shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine such books and records and all other UNK correspondence, UNK and other records involving transactions relating to agreed projects. The Government of India shall enable the authorized representatives of the United States to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects, and shall furnish to the United States all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the UNK matters and the expenditures related thereto. This broad delegation leaves within our discretion UNK to the UNK criterion of the public UNK both the determination of what degree of interference shall be considered excessive, and the methods by which such excessive interference shall be UNK _3._ The present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast UNK band, from UNK UNK to 1600 UNK Whenever two or more standard broadcast stations operate simultaneously on the same or closely adjacent frequencies, each UNK to some extent with reception of the other. The extent of such UNK which may be so slight as to be UNK at any point where either of the stations UNK a usable UNK or may be so great as to virtually destroy the service areas of both UNK depends on many factors, among the principal ones being the distance between the stations, their respective UNK power, and, of particular significance here, <the time of UNK Other factors playing a part in the the extent of ~AM service and interference are the frequency involved, the time of year, the position of the year in the UNK cycle, ground conductivity along the transmission path, atmospheric and UNK noise, and others. With the existence of these many factors, some of them variable, it obviously has never been and is not now possible for the Commission to make assignments of ~AM stations on a UNK basis which will insure against any interference in any circumstances. Rather, such assignments are made, as they must be, on the basis of certain overall rules and standards, representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem, taking into account for each situation some of the variables (e&g&, power and station UNK and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation. An example of the overall standards applied is the UNK ratio established for the determination of that degree of cochannel interference which is regarded as UNK By this standard, it is determined that where two stations operating on the same frequency are involved, UNK interference from station ~A exists at any point within the service area of station ~B where station ~A's signal is of an intensity UNK or more of the strength of station UNK signal at that point. _4._ The UNK ratio for cochannel interference UNK one of the fundamental limiting principles which we must always take into account in ~AM assignments and UNK that signals from a particular station are potential sources of UNK interference over an area much greater than that within which they provide useful service. A second fundamental principle is that involved particularly in the present UNK the difference between nighttime and daytime propagation conditions with respect to the standard broadcast frequencies. This is a phenomenon familiar to all radio UNK resulting from reflection of skywave signals at night from the UNK layer in the upper atmosphere known as the UNK All ~AM stations UNK both skywave and groundwave signals, at all UNK but during the middle daytime hours these skywave UNK are not reflected in any substantial quantity, and during this portion of the day both skywave service and skywave interference are, in general, negligible. But during nighttime hours the skywave UNK are reflected from the UNK thereby creating the possibility of one station's rendering service, via UNK at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave UNK and at the same time vastly UNK the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies. Because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions, it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the ~AM band, with many more stations operating during the day than at night. _5._ It was recognized years ago that the transition from daytime to nighttime propagation conditions, and vice UNK is not an instantaneous process, but takes place over periods of time from roughly 2 hours before sunset until about 2 hours after sunset, and again from roughly 2 hours before sunrise until some 2 hours after UNK During the period of about 4 hours around sunset, skywave transmission conditions are building up until full nighttime conditions UNK during the same period around UNK skywave transmission is UNK until at about 2 hours after sunrise it reaches a point where it becomes of little practical significance. However, in this case as elsewhere it was necessary to arrive at a single standard to be applied to all situations, representing an averaging of conditions, and thus to fix particular points in time which would be considered the dividing points between daytime and nighttime conditions. It was determined that the hours of sunrise and sunset, respectively, should be used for this purpose. Accordingly, the UNK rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations. Class /2, stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset (for daytime class /2, UNK or sunset at the location of the dominant class /1, station where located west of the class /2, station (for UNK class /2, UNK The same restrictions apply after local sunset in the case of class /3, stations operating on regional channels, which after that time are required to operate under nighttime restrictions in order to protect each other. With respect to nighttime assignments, the degree of skywave service and interference is determined by skywave curves (figs& 1 and 2 of UNK UNK of the UNK giving average skywave values. These curves were derived by an analysis of extensive skywave measurement data. It was recognized that skywave signals, because of their reflected nature, are of great variability and subject to wide UNK in strength. For this reason, the more uncertain skywave service was UNK UNK in our rules, as compared to the steadier, more reliable groundwave UNK UNK and, for both skywave service and skywave interference, signal strength is expressed in terms of percentage of time a particular UNK level is UNK 50 percent of the time for skywave service, 10 percent of the time for skywave interference. UNK POLICIES# _6._ As mentioned, the allocation of ~AM stations represents a balance between protection against interference and the provision of opportunity for an adequate number of stations. The rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on objectives which represent what is to be desired if radio service is to be of maximum use to the Nation. Our objectives, as we have stated many times, are- _(1)_ To provide some service to all UNK _(2)_ To provide as many choices of service to as many listeners as possible; _(3)_ To provide service of local origin to as many listeners as possible. Since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number, these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized, and to the extent that each is realized, there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others. Accordingly, the Commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies, and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations. Some 45 frequencies are assigned for use primarily by dominant UNK /1,- UNK or UNK /1,- ~B UNK stations, designed to operate with adequate power and to provide service- both groundwave and (at UNK UNK over large areas and at great distances, being protected against interference to the degree necessary to achieve this UNK In dealing with these frequencies, the objective listed first UNK provision of service to all UNK was UNK the other objectives were subordinated to it. The class /1, stations on these clear channels are protected to their UNK groundwave contours against daytime cochannel interference. With respect to skywave service rendered at night, class /1,- ~A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class /1,- ~A operation, and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference UNK they may be UNK class /1,- ~B stations are protected at night to their UNK UNK time skywave contours against cochannel interference. Since the provision of skywave service requires adequate freedom from interference, only class /1, stations are capable of rendering skywave service. But nighttime operation by stations of other classes of course entails skywave interference to groundwave service, interference which is substantial unless steps are taken to minimize it. _7._ With respect to other frequencies, these are designated as regional or local, and assigned for use by class /3, and class /4, stations, respectively, stations operating generally with lower power. In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies, the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two UNK assignment of multiple facilities, and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible. _8._ As mentioned, the primary allocation objective to be followed in the allocation of stations on clear channels is the provision of widespread service, free from destructive interference. During nighttime hours, because of the intense skywave propagation then UNK no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels, if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it. Therefore, under our longstanding allocation rules, on some of these channels no station other than the dominant (class /1,- UNK station is permitted to operate at night, so that the /1,- ~A station can render service, interference free, wherever it can be received. On the remainder of the clear channels, the dominant (class /1,- UNK stations are protected as described above, and the relatively small number of secondary (class /2,) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate UNK and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class /1, stations. In the UNK on the other hand, since skywave transmission is relatively UNK it is possible to assign a substantially larger number of stations on these channels. Additional class /2, assignments for daytime operation can be made without causing destructive interference to the class /1, stations or to each other, and by their operation provide additional service on these channels and additional local outlets for a large number of communities. Such additional daytime class /2, assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies, and the Commission has over the years made a large number of them. Similarly, on the regional channels many class /3, stations have been assigned either to operate daytime only or to operate nighttime with directional UNK and/or lower power. _9._ UNK the question presented for decision in the present UNK UNK proceeding is whether our decision UNK UNK to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset, is sound as a basis for ~AM UNK or whether, in the light of later developments and new understanding, skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into UNK and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours. #THE UNK OF THE UNK _10._ The decision reached in UNK was made after the accumulation of a large amount of data and thorough study UNK Since then, there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new techniques for using it, leading to a better understanding of propagation UNK In 1947, UNK were filed with the Commission by various UNK stations alleging that extensive interference was being caused to the service areas of these stations during daylight hours, from class /2, stations whose signals were being reflected from the UNK so as to create skywave UNK If you elect to use the Standard Deduction or the Tax UNK and later find you should have itemized your UNK you may do so by filing an amended return within the time prescribed for filing a claim for UNK See UNK May UNK a UNK Page UNK The same is true if you have itemized your deductions and later decide you should have used the Standard Deduction or Tax UNK The words UNK UNK should be plainly written across the top of such return. UNK AND WHERE TO UNK April 15 is usually the final date for filing income tax returns for most people because they use the calendar year ending on December 31. If you use a fiscal year, a year ending on the last day of any month other than December, your return is due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of your tax year. UNK UNK OR UNK If the last day UNK UNK for performing UNK act for tax purposes, such as filing a return or making a tax payment, etc&, falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a legal holiday, you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday, Sunday, or legal UNK Since April 15, 1962, is on Sunday your return for the calendar year 1961 will be timely filed if it is filed on or before Monday, April 16, 1962. {IF YOU UNK A UNK or tax payment, you must place it in the mails in ample time to reach the district director on or before the due date. UNK OF UNK UNK If you were required to file a declaration of estimated tax for the calendar year 1961, it is not necessary to pay the fourth installment otherwise due on January 15, 1962, if you file your income tax return Form UNK and pay your tax in full for the calendar year 1961 by January 31, 1962. The filing of an original or amended UNK otherwise due on January 15, 1962, is also UNK if you file your Form 1040 for 1961 and pay the full tax by January 31, 1962. UNK for these purposes, have until February 15, 1962, to file Form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961. UNK year taxpayers have until the last day of the first month following the close of the fiscal year UNK until the 15th day of the 2d UNK See Chapter UNK UNK UNK living in Canada or UNK who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages, the same as if they were citizens of the United States. Their United States tax returns are due April 16, 1962. However, if their United States income is not subject to the withholding of tax on wages, their returns are due June 15, 1962, if they use a calendar year, or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of their fiscal year. UNK UNK IN UNK UNK If you are a UNK alien and a resident of Puerto Rico, your return is also due June 15, 1962, or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of your fiscal year. {IF A UNK UNK the UNK administrator, or legal representative must file the final return for the UNK on or before the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the deceased UNK normal tax year. Suppose John Jones, who, for 1960, filed on the basis of a calendar year, died June 20, 1961. His return for the period January 1 to June 20, 1961, is due April 16, 1962. The return for a UNK may also serve as a claim for refund of an overpayment of tax. In such a case, Form UNK should be completed and attached to the return. This form may be obtained from the local office of your district director. UNK OF UNK OR UNK are due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of the tax year. UNK OF TIME FOR UNK Under unusual circumstances a resident individual may be granted an extension of time to file a return. You may apply for such an extension by filing Form UNK UNK For UNK Of Time To UNK with the District Director of Internal Revenue for your district, or you may make your application in a letter. Your application must include the following UNK (1) your reasons for requesting an UNK (2) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years, and (3) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year, and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates. Any failure to file timely returns or make estimated tax payments when due must be fully explained. UNK are not granted as a matter of course, and the reasons for your request must be substantial. If you are unable to sign the request, because of illness or other good cause, another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your UNK stating the reason why you are unable to sign. You should make any request for an extension early so that if it is UNK your return may still be on time. See also UNK on UNK UNK below. UNK UNK UNK Citizens of the United States who, on April 15, are not in the United States or Puerto Rico, are allowed an extension of time until June 15 for filing the return for the preceding calendar year. An extension of 2 months beyond the regular due date for filing is also available to taxpayers making returns for a fiscal year. UNK AND UNK UNK residing or traveling in Alaska are also allowed this extension of time for UNK but those residing or traveling in Hawaii are UNK allowed this automatic UNK UNK or Naval UNK on duty in Alaska or outside the United States and Puerto Rico are also allowed this automatic extension of time for filing their returns. UNK must attach a UNK to your return, if you take advantage of this automatic UNK showing that you were in Alaska or were outside the United States or Puerto Rico on April 15 or other due date. UNK ON UNK UNK Interest at the rate of UNK a year must be paid on taxes that are not paid on or before their due date. Such interest must be paid even though an UNK of time for UNK is granted. UNK UNK IS UNK If your UNK on Form 1040 or Form 1040~A shows you owe additional tax, it should be UNK with your return unless you owe less than UNK in which case it is UNK If payment is by cash, you should ask for a UNK If you file Form 1040~A and the District Director UNK your tax, you will be sent a bill if additional tax is UNK This bill should be paid within 30 days. UNK BY UNK OR UNK UNK Whether the check is certified or UNK the tax is not paid until the check is paid. If the check is not good and the April 15 or other due date deadline UNK additions to the tax may be UNK Furthermore, a bad check may subject the maker to certain UNK All checks and money orders should be made payable to UNK Revenue UNK UNK An overpayment of income and social security taxes entitles you to a refund unless you indicate on the return that the overpayment should be applied to your succeeding year's estimated tax. UNK you file Form UNK and the District Director UNK your tax, any refund to which you are entitled will be mailed to you. UNK you file a Form UNK you should indicate in the place provided that there is an overpayment of tax and the amount you want UNK and the amount you want credited against your estimated tax. UNK of less than UNK will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return requesting such a UNK UNK TO UNK UNK your return to the Director of Internal Revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business. If you have neither a legal residence nor a principal place of business in any internal revenue district, your return should be filed with the District Director of Internal UNK Baltimore 2, UNK If your principal place of abode for the tax year is outside the United States (including Alaska and UNK Puerto Rico, or the Virgin Islands and you have no legal residence or principal place of business in any internal revenue district in the United States, you should file your return with the Office of International UNK Internal Revenue Service, Washington 25, D&C&. UNK UNK UNK The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis. It is the amount you enter on line 9, page 1 of Form 1040. Some deductions are subtracted from Gross Income to determine Adjusted Gross Income. Other deductions are subtracted only from Adjusted Gross Income in arriving at UNK Income. UNK UNK YOUR UNK UNK UNK you total all items of income. (See Chapter UNK From this amount deduct the items indicated below. UNK deduct all ordinary and necessary expenses attributable to a trade or business. UNK OR UNK If you hold property for the production of rents or UNK you UNK in computing Adjusted Gross Income, ordinary and necessary expenses and certain other deductions attributable to the property. (See Chapter UNK UNK UNK deduct all expenses attributable to earning a salary, UNK or other compensation. (See Chapter UNK UNK deduct expenses of travel, meals and lodging while away from home in connection with the performance of their services as employees. They also deduct transportation expenses incurred in connection with the performance of services as employees even though they are not away from home. (See Chapter UNK If your employer UNK you for expenses UNK you deduct such expenses if they otherwise qualify. (See Chapter UNK UNK UNK if included in your Gross Income, is deducted in arriving at Adjusted Gross Income. If your sick pay is not included in your Gross Income, you may not deduct it. (See Chapter UNK UNK FROM UNK AND UNK If you are a life UNK you deduct allowable depreciation and UNK If you are an income UNK of property held in trust or an UNK UNK or UNK you may deduct allowable depreciation and UNK if not deductible by the estate or UNK UNK losses on sales or UNK of property are allowable in determining your Adjusted Gross Income. (See Chapter UNK UNK OF UNK UNK You also deduct 50% of the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses in determining Adjusted Gross Income. (See Chapter UNK UNK UNK Certain other deductions are not allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income. They may be claimed only by UNK them on page 2 of Form 1040. These deductions may not be claimed if you elect to use the Standard Deduction or tax UNK (See Chapters 30 through UNK #2. UNK UNK MUST UNK UNK UNK IF UNK UNK $600 OR MORE DURING THE UNK A UNK IS subject to tax on his own earnings even though his parent may, under local law, have the right to them and might actually have received the money. His income is not required to be included in the return of his UNK {A UNK UNK IS UNK A PERSONAL UNK of $600 on his own return regardless of how much money he may UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK If your child is under 19 or is a student you may also claim an exemption for him if he UNK as your UNK even though he UNK $600 or more. See Chapter 5. UNK Your 16 year old son earned UNK in 1961. You spent $800 for his support. Since he had gross income of $600 or more, he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of UNK Since you contributed more than half of his support, you may also claim an exemption for him on your return. UNK MAY UNK A TAX UNK A minor who has gross income of less than $600 is entitled to a refund if income tax was withheld from his wages. Generally, the refund may be obtained by filing Form 1040~A accompanied by the withholding statement UNK UNK If he had income other than wages subject to UNK he may be required to file Form 1040. See Chapter 1. {IF YOUR UNK UNK FOR UNK you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business. You may deduct these payments even though your child uses the money to purchase his own clothing or other necessities which you are normally obligated to furnish him, and even though you may be entitled to his services. The one- or UNK UNK of which there have been too many recently, may do more harm than good; for such programs raise hopes of assistance toward achieving excellence in scholarship and the arts which are dashed when the programs are UNK and they are UNK no less, by lack of skill in making selections of men and women for development toward the highest reaches of the mind and spirit. For the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be UNK such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected, by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time. The central group of the Foundation's advisors are, at any one period of time, the members of our Advisory Board, UNK now, of thirty-six men and women. They are chosen by the Foundation's Board of Trustees on the bases of their own first-rate accomplishments in their different fields of scholarship and the arts. Their locations in all parts of the United States, and their locations in the several kinds of educational and research institutions that are the principal homes of our intellectual and artistic strengths also are factors in the UNK minds. For this concept of an Advisory Board, UNK to the Board of Trustees, we are indebted to the late President of Harvard University, A& Lawrence Lowell, a master of the subject of the structure of cultural institutions and their administration. That we had the wit and wisdom to adopt Mr& UNK concept and make it the base for our processes of selection is one reason why our selections have been, it may be said UNK pretty uniformly good. For in accordance with Mr& UNK concept of an advisory board, our selections are made by experienced UNK who give both constancy and consistency to our processes and our choices. And lest we should become too UNK in the sense of becoming UNK of new fields of scholarship and new points of view in the arts, the Foundation's Board of Trustees maintains a UNK not a UNK of new members through the Advisory Board. Two committees of members of the Advisory Board constitute the committees of UNK one for the selection of Fellows from Canada, the United States, and the UNK Caribbean area and one for the selection of Fellows from the Latin American UNK and the Republic of the UNK To the members of our Advisory Board, and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection, the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of UNK We are, as we know, utterly dependent on the quality of advice we UNK and quality of advice, added to devotion to the Foundation's purposes and ideals, we do get from our Advisory Board in measures so full that they can be appreciated only by those of us who work here every day. But the facts about our Advisory Board and its UNK duties are only one of several sets of facts about the quest for advice, both reliable and UNK on which to base our selections of UNK For example, the interest of past members of the Foundation's Advisory Board remains such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were, UNK members of that Board. And, UNK there are a large number of scholars, artists, composers of music, UNK poets, UNK UNK lawyers, servants of government, and men of UNK UNK UNK who serve the Foundation well with the advice they give us freely and UNK out of their experience. To all, the Foundation gives the kind of thanks which are more than UNK to them we are grateful beyond the possibility of UNK in words how grateful we are. #@# IT IS a UNK of business that no business can be better than its board of directors and its top management. The same is true of every UNK During the UNK reviewed in this Report, our Board of Trustees named able men, younger than the rest of us, to the Board and to top management to insure future continuance of the first-class administration of the Foundation's UNK Dr& James Brown UNK UNK President of the Bell Telephone Laboratories, was elected to the Board of UNK He is a member both of the National Academy of Sciences and of the American UNK UNK and he has served our country well as a scientific statesman on international UNK Dr& Gordon N& UNK UNK Vice-President and Professor of English in the University of Illinois, was appointed Associate Secretary General. The Trustees of the Foundation appointed Dr& Ray to that position with the stated expectation that he would succeed the present Secretary General upon the latter's eventual retirement. Dr& Ray is a UNK of the UNK appointed UNK to assist his studies of William UNK UNK and of H& G& UNK and, before his appointment to the Foundation's executive staff, had been given our highest scholarly UNK appointment to the Advisory Board. UNK further to the Foundation's officers, Dr& James F& UNK for eleven years our UNK colleague as Associate Secretary, was promoted to be Secretary. He is a historian, with the great merit of a historian's long view. Also appointed to the Foundation's staff, as Assistant Secretary, is Mr& J& UNK Smith, Jr&. Mr& Smith, like the present Secretary General, is a UNK and UNK with the great virtues that they are trained to read "the fine UNK carefully and are able out of professional experience to arrive at imaginative solutions to difficult problems in many UNK are indispensable even in a foundation office. The present Secretary General has been the Foundation's principal administrative officer continuously since the Foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago. But even he will not last indefinitely and the UNK new arrangements are, quite simply, made to assure qualitative continuity in the Foundation's policies and practices. The effective recognition of excellence and its nurture has to be learned and is not learned in a day, nor even in a year. #@# WE ARE not given to UNK neither personally nor in these UNK On the contrary, if this be an apocalyptic era as is commonly said, we see it as an era of opportunity. For, granting that there are great present-day problems to be UNK these problems make great UNK and by their demanding tend to create resources of men's minds and hearts which problems with easy answers do not bring forth. Of this, examples are UNK UNK speaking his funeral oration in Ancient UNK UNK after UNK and making it a testament of UNK Jefferson writing the Declaration of Independence amid the catastrophes of UNK Christ preaching the UNK on the UNK close to his ultimate UNK Shakespeare speaking with "the indescribable UNK of the Elizabethan UNK UNK words- in the days of the Spanish UNK UNK Isaac UNK at the age of UNK UNK calculating UNK "to two and fifty UNK during the great plague year in England, UNK Winston UNK UNK optimistic and resolute UNK when Britain stood alone against the armed forces of tyranny less than twenty years ago; the present-day UNK of outer space, answering age-old questions of science and philosophy, in the face of possible wars of UNK UNK et UNK UNK UNK UNK as the Roman poet, UNK declared with much more historical sense than most writers of today. It UNK indeed, cause for UNK to remember what many catastrophes of the past UNK and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind. For example, out of the social evils of the English industrial revolution came the novels of Charles UNK and his genius moved his readers to seek solutions of those evils for all Western men- until UNK in the industrialized West, these social evils substantially do not exist. The solutions were not arrived at by any UNK of the Karl Marx stripe but by men of UNK lawyers, most of them- and men of business. These were educated men, who, as Mr& Justice Holmes was fond of saying, formed their UNK out of experience under the burden of responsibility. That is, to put it UNK they had to run their businesses at a profit, or they had to get the votes to get elected. Nevertheless, they made UNK of Marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the UNK to use Marx's UNK more than a subsistence UNK with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the UNK pockets with the result, in turn, that the gap between the rich and the poor would UNK widen and the misery of the poor increase. But as all understand who have eyes to see, nothing of the kind has happened; indeed, the contrary has happened. The gulf between the UNK and the UNK has UNK in the industrialized Western world, to the point that the word UNK is hardly UNK And the reason this could happen is clear: men of government, business men, lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity. Some would say that they were not permitted to run their businesses only for UNK and even putting it that way would not prove that Marx was anything but wrong. Sir Henry UNK Maine, a hundred years before Communism was a force to be reckoned with, wrote his brilliant legal UNK that "the progress of society is from status to UNK The essence of contract is that one is free to make a choice of what one will or will not do. Hence, the condition of freedom is a necessary condition for choice. The greater the range of freedom for individual men, the greater the range of UNK the greater the range of choice, the greater the rate of change. For change is dependent on the possibilities that individual men glimpse for the future. But when there is not freedom and opportunity to UNK men- individual men- must remain in status and society does not, cannot progress. The eternal truth is that UNK due, as it always is, to individual creative UNK is just as dependent on freedom as human life is dependent on the beating of the heart. And lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not UNK in a foundation report, let me UNK them with the UNK that, under Communism there would have been no capital with which to UNK the Foundation, and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the Fellows might UNK untrammeled in every way, toward their UNK their creative efforts for the good of mankind. #@# DURING the year 1959, we granted UNK UNK in 1960, we granted UNK As UNK our UNK are available to assist research in all fields of knowledge and creative effort in all the arts. We do not favor one field over UNK we think that all inquiry, all scholarly and artistic UNK is UNK provided only that it contributes to a sense and understanding of the true ends of life, as all first-rate scholarship and artistic creation does. Indeed, if UNK we would say what the late Robert UNK American painter, said to a UNK "Anything will do for a UNK it's what <you> do with it that UNK Thus, we have no part, and want UNK in current discussions of the relative importance of science, the social studies, the UNK the creative arts. We want no part in such UNK because we think them largely UNK and we think them largely futile because, for true excellence of UNK every scholar and every artist must cross boundaries of knowledge and boundaries of points of view. When the Brown + Sharpe UNK Company reached its UNK year as a going industrial concern during 1958, it became an almost unique institution in the mechanical world. With its history standing UNK all but the very beginnings of the industrial revolution, Brown + Sharpe has become over the years a singular monument to the mechanical foresight of its founder, Joseph R& Brown, and a UNK synonym for precision and progress in UNK technology. Joseph R& Brown grew up in the UNK and enterprise of New England between 1810 and UNK He was early exposed to the mechanical world, and in his youth often helped his father, David Brown, master clock and UNK as he UNK his trade. At the age of 17 he became an apprentice machinist at the shop of UNK + Harris in Valley UNK Rhode Island, and following two or three other jobs in quick succession after UNK he went into business for himself in UNK making UNK and small tools. This enterprise led to a UNK combination beginning in UNK under the name D& Brown + Son, a business which eventually grew into the modern corporation we now call Brown + UNK The years of UNK partnership with his father were UNK In UNK a devastating fire UNK their small shop and soon thereafter David Brown moved west to Illinois, settling on a land grant in his declining years. Joseph Brown continued in business by himself, quickly rebuilding the establishment which had been lost in the fire and beginning those first steps which were to establish him as a pioneer in raising the standards of accuracy of machine shop practice throughout the world. Much of his genius, of course, sprang from his familiarity with clock movements. During these early years the repair of watches and clocks and the building of special clocks for church steeples formed an important part of the young man's occupation. He became particularly interested in graduating and precision measurement during the UNK and his thinking along these lines developed considerably during this period. But his business also UNK and we are told that Mr& Brown found it increasingly difficult to devote as much time to his creative thinking as his UNK led him to desire. It must have been with some pleasure and relief that on September 12, UNK Joseph Brown made the momentous entry in his job book, in his characteristically UNK style, UNK Sharpe came to work for me this day as an UNK The young apprentice apparently did well by Mr& Brown, for in the third year of his UNK Lucian was offered a full partnership in the UNK the company became UNK R& Brown + UNK and entered into a new and important period of its development. Mr& UNK arrival in the business did indeed provide what Mr& Brown had most UNK time for UNK and the opportunity of carrying out in the back room those developments in precision graduation which most interested him at that time. By UNK the new partnership announced the precision UNK UNK as the first fruit of their joint efforts. The basic significance of this invention helped them to follow it rapidly in UNK by the development of a unique precision gear cutting and dividing engine. That development, in turn, formed the foundation of still more significant expansions in later years- in gear UNK in circular UNK in index UNK and in many other fields where accuracy was a paramount requirement. Throughout their careers, both Mr& Brown and Mr& Sharpe were interested in the problem of setting up standards of measurement for the mechanical UNK Several efforts were made in this direction, and though not all of them survive to this day, the Brown + Sharpe wire gage system was eventually adopted as the American standard and is still in common use today. As one development followed another, the company's reputation for precision in the graduating field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision UNK In UNK the partnership began manufacturing the UNK + Gibbs sewing machine. As the story goes, Mr& UNK who originally came from the back counties of the Commonwealth of Virginia, saw an illustration in a magazine of the famous Howe sewing machine. UNK as to what made it work, he built a crude model of it in wood, and filed a piece of steel until he succeeded in making a metal pickup for the UNK enabling the crude machine to take UNK When he showed this model as his UNK as to how the Howe sewing machine UNK he was told he was UNK and discovered to his UNK that the Howe UNK which was unknown to him in detail, used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one. Thus was invented the single thread sewing machine, which Mr& Gibbs in partnership with Mr& UNK decided to bring to Brown + Sharpe with the proposal that the small company undertake its UNK The new work was a UNK to the partnership, not only for its own value but particularly for the stimulation it provided to the imagination of J& R& Brown toward yet further developments for production equipment. The UNK screw machine, now known as the Brown + Sharpe hand screw machine, takes its ancestry directly from Mr& Brown's efforts to introduce equipment to simplify the manufacture of the sewing machine. Mr& Brown made important additions to the arts in screw machine design by drastically improving the means for revolving the UNK by introducing automatic feeding devices for the stock, and reversible tap and die UNK In UNK Mr& Brown's attention was called to yet another basic production problem- the manufacture of twist UNK At that time, during the Civil War, Union UNK were being manufactured in Providence and the drills to drill them were being UNK with UNK files. This process neither satisfied the urgent production schedules nor Mr& Brown's imagination of the possibilities in the situation. The child of this problem was Mr& Brown's famous UNK No& 1 Universal UNK UNK the UNK from which is descended today's universal UNK milling machine used throughout the world. The original machine, bearing its famous serial number, is still on exhibition at the Brown + Sharpe UNK Center in Providence. During the Civil War period Mr& Brown also invented the Brown + Sharpe formed tooth gear UNK a basic invention which ultimately UNK the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics. Up until that time it had been possible to make cutters for making gear teeth, but they were good for only one UNK As soon as the time came for UNK the precise form of the gear tooth was lost and a new cutter had to be made. This process made the economical manufacture of UNK questionable until some way could be found to permit the repeated UNK of gear tooth cutters without the loss of the precision form. Mr& Brown's invention achieved this and, as a UNK formed the UNK of Brown + UNK position of leadership in the gear making equipment field which lasted until the 1920's when UNK by other methods. The UNK UNK as a common workshop UNK also owes much to J& R& Brown. Although Mr& Brown was not himself its inventor (it was a French UNK it is typical that his intuition first conceived the importance of mass producing this basic tool for general use. So it was that when Mr& Brown and Mr& Sharpe first saw the French tool on exhibition in Paris in 1868, they brought a sample with them to the United States and started Brown + Sharpe in yet another field where it retains its leadership to this day. The final achievement of Mr& Brown's long and interesting mechanical career runs a close second in importance to his development of the universal milling machine. That achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine, which made its appearance in 1876 at the Philadelphia UNK UNK This machine, like its milling UNK was the UNK of a UNK used to this very day in precision UNK shops throughout the world. Along with J& R& Brown's other major developments, the universal grinding machine was profoundly influential in setting the course of Brown + Sharpe for many years to come. Following Mr& Brown's death, there came forward in the Brown + Sharpe organization many other men who contributed greatly to the development of the company. One such man was Samuel UNK As head of the firm UNK + UNK Mr& UNK began by challenging Brown + Sharpe to its UNK competition during the UNK and early UNK In 1868, however, a truce was called between the companies, and the partnership of UNK brown + Sharpe was formed. Between that year and the buying out of Mr& UNK interest in UNK a large portion of the company's precision tool business was carried out under the name of UNK Brown + UNK and to this day many old precision tools are in use still bearing that famous UNK Perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of Mr& Brown's tradition for accuracy was Mr& Oscar J& UNK whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of Mr& Brown, and whose particular UNK was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled Brown + Sharpe to manufacture UNK and therefore its products, with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world. Also important on the Brown + Sharpe scene, at the turn of the century, was Mr& Richmond UNK Works Superintendent of the company from 1876 to UNK Mr& UNK possessed remarkable talents for the leadership and development of men. He was an ardent champion of the Brown + Sharpe UNK Program and personal UNK to countless able men who first developed their industrial talents with the company. In one sense it can be said that one of the most important Brown + Sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial UNK throughout the nation and even abroad. UNK with the death of Lucian Sharpe in UNK the name of Henry D& Sharpe was for more than 50 years closely interwoven with the destiny of the company. During his UNK the company's physical plant was enormously UNK and the length and breadth of the Brown + Sharpe machine tool line became the greatest in the world. During the early part of this century, the Brown + Sharpe works in Providence were UNK as the largest single manufacturing facility devoted exclusively to precision machinery and tool manufacture anywhere in the world. During these years the company's product line followed the basic UNK laid down by Mr& Brown. It expanded from hand screw machines to automatic screw machines, from simple UNK gear cutting machines to gear UNK machines and a large contract gear manufacturing business, from rudimentary UNK universal milling machines to a broad line of elaborately controlled UNK and manufacturing type milling machines. In the grinding machine field, expansion went far from universal UNK alone and took in cylindrical UNK surface UNK and a wide variety of special and UNK models. In 1951, Henry D& UNK Jr& succeeded his father and continued the company's development as a major factor in the UNK equipment business. The company is still broadening its line and is now active on four major fronts. The UNK UNK Division is currently producing Brown + Sharpe single spindle automatic screw machines, grinding machines of many types, and knee and UNK milling machines. Recently added is the Brown + Sharpe UNK drilling machine which introduces the company to an entirely new field of tool development. In the Industrial Products Division, the company UNK and markets a wide line of precision UNK and inspection equipment, UNK UNK including UNK UNK UNK and accessories. In the UNK UNK Division, the principal products include a wide variety of high speed steel milling UNK end mills and UNK Sales and net income for the year ended December 31, 1960 showed an improvement over 1959. Net income was UNK or UNK per share on UNK common shares currently UNK as compared to UNK or UNK per share in 1959, adjusted to the same number of shares. Sales and other operating income increased UNK from UNK in 1959 to UNK in 1960. This increase was sufficient to overcome the effect on net income of higher costs of manufacture and increased expenditures on research and development. In spite of the fact that our largest market, the textile industry, was affected substantially by the current decline in business activity, we have been able to produce and deliver our machines throughout the year 1960 at a rate materially higher than during 1959. UNK FOR UNK YEAR# Our current rate of incoming orders has now contracted and unless this trend can be reversed, our production for 1961 will be lower than for 1960. However, the healthy inventory position of the textile industry lends support to the broadly expressed belief that improvement in that industry can be expected by the second half of 1961. UNK FOR UNK TAX UNK In connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery, a sounder U& S& income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment, enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis, could, if adopted, have favorable effects on Leesona's business in the next few years. Such a depreciation policy would also, we believe, prove a very important factor in strengthening the competitive position of the U& S& textile and other industries, thus helping to strengthen the position of the dollar in foreign exchange. UNK AND UNK Our research and development program, serving as it does an industry which must compete against low-cost production throughout the world, continues to have primary emphasis at UNK This program is based on the policy of designing and building efficient machines which will help produce better textile values- fabrics whose cost in relation to quality, fashion and utility provide the consumer with better textile products for the money. Such policy involves continuing effort to improve on existing mill equipment, in terms of efficiency and UNK But more important, we believe, it must concentrate on the development of entirely new concepts in textile processing as do the Unifil loom UNK and our more recent Uniconer automatic UNK machine. UNK UNK On this basis, our already substantial budget for research and development has been further increased in recent years in order to finance the continuing engineering and design work essential to Leesona's future growth in sales and UNK Much of this necessary increase in research and development, though properly UNK to current UNK is not reflected in earnings until projects are completed and the new machines sold in quantity, usually over a period of several years. UNK UNK UNK In December we began to ship our UNK stretch yarn machines. These machines produce the higher quality stretch UNK required in weaving stretch and UNK fabrics. During the past year, great progress has been made by the weaving mills in creating new stretch and UNK fabrics. Fashion centers are now predicting broad acceptance of sports UNK and improved UNK and UNK dresses and UNK made from these fabrics. This machine, operating at speeds up to UNK revolutions per minute, is believed to provide one of the fastest mechanical operations in industry today. It transfers yarn directly from the UNK largest package into ideal supply packages for use on Unifil loom UNK in weaving stretch yarn fabrics. UNK UNK Our new UNK ring UNK for glass fiber UNK is performing well in our UNK UNK Later in the year, additional types of this Leesona UNK will be made available to mills for other man-made fibers and natural yarns. These machines are designed to provide higher operating UNK larger yarn UNK and greater flexibility of application to different types of UNK This we believe will substantially broaden the potential market for the equipment. UNK Major activity at Providence in 1961 will involve the scheduled completion of UNK for production of the Uniconer automatic UNK machine. This work is UNK on schedule and we expect to make initial shipments in the fourth quarter of this year. This machine was demonstrated in two textile machinery exhibitions last year and was well received by the industry. The potential market for the machine should be comparable to that of the Unifil loom UNK The Uniconer has several outstanding UNK it operates with much greater efficiency than existing UNK it incorporates an automatic UNK device on each UNK and it will knot a break in the yarn in 10 seconds as well as tie in new UNK as the running end is UNK Because the UNK winding process is a relatively UNK operation for the UNK the almost complete automation provided by the Uniconer can mean important economies in textile production, at the same time UNK quality. Many mills have already placed firm orders for this machine. #NEW UNK UNK A new application for the Unifil loom UNK running single filling for box UNK will broaden mill use of this equipment. UNK UNK A new spinning take-up machine has been developed to facilitate the use of our take-up machine in the production of UNK yarns. It is equipped with electronic controls that can be set to hold precise tension and speed. This new machine takes up UNK yarn from UNK or UNK and winds large packages at speeds up to 6,000 feet per UNK It is equipped with an automatic threading device to reduce waste and handling time. Our take-up machines and our UNK are undergoing important pilot plant testing for application with new high UNK UNK in several fiber producing plants. We look forward to a stronger position in this expanding field. UNK UNK We are interested in further UNK into other fields of capital goods, or components for industrial products, and have recently intensified our efforts in that direction. UNK UNK UNK Our UNK UNK Research Division has made further very encouraging progress in development of fuel cells. The cooperation of our exclusive American UNK Pratt + Whitney Aircraft Division of United Aircraft Corporation, has been important in this work. In addition to its major effort on fuel cells, UNK UNK Research Division is continuing to carry on research in other fields, both under contract for the Defense Department, other government agencies and for our own account. UNK is currently supplying components vital to the UNK and UNK programs. We have recently entered into an agreement with UNK UNK de UNK UNK UNK UNK of France for the exclusive exchange of technical information on UNK materials. The agreement gives us rights for manufacturing and marketing of such materials in the United States. UNK we will import the UNK materials and UNK from France but later we will manufacture in this country. There is a rapidly growing demand for this material, primarily from the UNK Further research, we believe, will develop important commercial UNK A project for the Air Force has been completed in which the UNK infrared detecting device was developed for area monitoring of UNK or dangerous UNK We are initiating research on the use of solid state materials for infrared detection using a method which will not require cooling of materials to attain high sensitivity. The rapid advance in science today suggests many other avenues of investigation. Our plan is to keep abreast of these advances, and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities. #NEW UNK FACILITIES# Early in August we broke ground for a new UNK plant in Warwick, Rhode Island, which will house our textile and coil winding machinery operations. Construction is well along, and the plant is scheduled for completion in November of this year. All operations now carried on at our plant at Cranston will be transferred to UNK Operations in the new plant should be producing efficiently early in 1962. An UNK sketch of the new plant is shown on the front cover. The building will contain UNK square feet, approximately the same as our present plant. However, its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production capacity, permit more efficient UNK and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs. A major consideration in the choice of the Warwick site, four miles from Cranston, was the fact that it permits retention of our present trained and highly skilled work force. We have entered into an agreement for the sale of the present Cranston properties, effective as soon as we have completed removal to our new plant. UNK UNK During the year our British UNK UNK UNK expanded its plant in UNK England, and added machine tool capacity. The operations of its other plant in UNK and Leesona's former operations in Manchester were transferred to a recently acquired plant in the adjoining town of UNK UNK and equipment were modernized and improved to obtain increased production on an efficient basis. The area available at Heywood is approximately three times the size of the former UNK and Manchester UNK In addition, land has been purchased to permit doubling the size of the plant in the future. UNK UNK The new Warwick plant is being built at our expense and under our direction. It will be UNK on completion to The Industrial Foundation of Rhode Island, a non-profit organization, which will UNK us for the cost of construction. we will then occupy the new plant under UNK with an option to UNK These arrangements are, in our opinion, very favorable to UNK UNK financing of construction costs is provided by a short term loan from The Chase Manhattan UNK In addition to expenditures on the Warwick plant, we have invested approximately UNK for machinery and equipment at Cranston, and for new machinery, plant and equipment at UNK UNK We believe that these improved facilities will contribute income and effect savings which will fully justify the investment. Long term loans have been reduced by UNK to UNK UNK increased UNK to UNK during the year and should decline in coming months. Thus we enter 1961 in a strong financial position. UNK UNK In accordance with the two-year contract signed in May, 1959, with the International Association of UNK UNK wages of UNK employees were increased by UNK in May, 1960, and pay levels for UNK UNK employees were increased proportionately. In addition, Blue Cross coverage for all employees and their UNK was extended to provide the full cost of UNK hospital UNK UNK UNK In addition to direct salaries and wages, the Company paid or accrued during the year the following amounts for the benefit of UNK @ During the pension year ended December 31, 1960, 23 employees retired, making a total of UNK currently retired under the Company's pension plan. At December 13, 1960 the fund held by the Industrial National Bank of Providence, as trustee for payment of past and future service pensions to qualified members of the plan, totaled UNK The basic market for textiles is growing with the expansion of the population that began 20 years ago. Another growth factor is increased consumer demand for better quality and larger quantities of fabrics that go with a rising standard of living. As in many other industries, rising costs and intense competition, both domestic and foreign, have exerted increasing pressure on earnings of the textile industry in recent years. UNK UNK In textiles, as elsewhere, a major part of the solution lies in greater efficiency and higher UNK As a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery, Leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production, yet maintain both quality and flexibility. UNK OF UNK UNK The problem of efficient production in textiles is complicated by the fact that the industry serves large markets which shift quickly with changes of fashion in UNK or home UNK Production must be adjusted UNK at minimum cost and quickly. In addition, production machinery must in many cases be designed to handle with equal efficiency both natural fibers and the increasing number of UNK as well as UNK Following the term of service in Japan, each UNK returns for a brief visit to the campus to interpret his experience to the college community. The Carleton Service Fund provides the financial support for this program. UNK UNK THE COLLEGE was one of the first to recognize the importance of music not only as a definite part of the curriculum but as a vital adjunct to campus life. Extensive facilities for group performance are provided by UNK under skilled direction, the UNK the Orchestra, the Band, the UNK Club, and smaller UNK of wind and string players. All students are invited to participate in any of the musical organizations for which they qualify. Orchestra, Band, and UNK have UNK during the week preceding the first day of classes. The UNK Club is open to all students and faculty with no UNK necessary for membership. In addition to the many appearances of these organizations throughout the college year, there are concerts by students of the music department, by members of the music faculty, and by visiting artists. Student musical organizations are the Knights of Carleton and the UNK UNK vocal UNK and the UNK (a women's singing UNK These UNK organizations include eight to ten members UNK they perform at many campus social events. UNK UNK FROM THE UNK of the College those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion. UNK are offered in ethics, the philosophy and history of religion, Christian thought and history, and the Bible. Carleton aims throughout its entire teaching program to represent a point of view and a spirit which will contribute to the moral and religious development of its students. A COLLEGE UNK OF UNK is held each Sunday morning at eleven o'clock in the UNK The UNK are given by the College UNK by members of the faculty, or by guest UNK Music is furnished by the Carleton College UNK UNK UNK are held UNK These services at which attendance is voluntary are led by the UNK by the President of the College, by selected faculty members, students, and visitors. The service is brief and variety in forms of worship is UNK A UNK UNK PROGRAM provides theological UNK music, drama, and films related to the issues of the UNK tradition. UNK is required at the College Service of UNK UNK at the Sunday Evening Program UNK at any regularly organized service of public worship. Each semester every student must attend ten of the services or religious meetings. UNK at the Chapel Service is UNK UNK UNK include the groups described below. The UNK and UNK at Carleton are connected with the corresponding national organizations and carry out their general purposes. Occasional meetings are held for the whole membership, usually with a guest UNK while smaller discussion groups meet more UNK The UNK sponsor many traditional campus events and provide students with opportunities to form new UNK to broaden their interests, and to engage in worthwhile service projects. There are other organizations representing several of the denominational groups. Included are the following: Baptist Student UNK UNK Club UNK Christian Science UNK UNK Meeting for UNK UNK UNK Liberal Religious UNK Lutheran Student Association, Newman Club UNK UNK Presbyterian Student UNK United Student Fellowship UNK and UNK Fellowship UNK Student religious organizations are UNK under the Religious Activities Committee, a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association. THE UNK UNK include the following: UNK UNK UNK Lutheran UNK UNK Missouri UNK and UNK UNK UNK UNK and Roman UNK UNK THE UNK of producing plays at the College is UNK to provide the Carleton students with the best possible opportunity for UNK within the limits set by the maturity and experience of the performers and the theatrical facilities UNK to encourage the practice of attending the UNK and to develop a discriminating audience for good drama and sensitive performance. UNK activity at the College is organized and carried on by The Carleton UNK which is to say by all students who are so inclined to advance these aims. For the UNK season, The Carleton UNK have announced UNK UNK by UNK UNK UNK <The Knight of the UNK UNK by Beaumont and Fletcher and <A Moon for the UNK by Eugene UNK with a UNK production of <The UNK UNK by Tennessee Williams. #STUDENT UNK THIS workshop, located in UNK Hall, provides facilities for students to work in UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK textile UNK UNK and UNK These UNK activities are conducted under supervision of the Director of the Student UNK The workshop is open five afternoons and two evenings each week. A student organization, UNK is open to any student interested in increasing his understanding and appreciation of the graphic and ceramic arts in their UNK technical, and productive UNK The group meets once a week in the UNK Student UNK They are assisted and advised by members of the Art Department. UNK THE UNK PROGRAM at Carleton is considered an integral part of the activities of the College and operates under the same UNK procedure and controls as the academic work. The physical education program for men recognizes the value of participation in competitive sports in the development of the individual student and aims to give every man an opportunity to enter some form of athletic competition, either intercollegiate or UNK The same standards for UNK for eligibility to receive scholarships or UNK and for scholastic performance at college apply to all students. A faculty committee on UNK responsible to the faculty as a whole, exercises control over the athletic program of the College. It concerns itself UNK _1._ The policies which govern the program _2._ The preservation of desirable balance between the athletic and academic programs of the College _3._ The approval of athletic schedules _4._ The maintenance of Midwest Conference eligibility standards Carleton is a member of the Midwest UNK Athletic Conference and UNK by its eligibility rules. In addition to these rules, Carleton has added the following: _1._ A student who while in attendance at Carleton College participates in an athletic contest during the school year, other than that sponsored by the College, shall be permanently ineligible to participate in intercollegiate athletics at Carleton College and will also face permanent suspension from the institution. The school year does not end for any student until he has completed his last examination of the semester. _2._ A student to be eligible for the UNK of any Carleton team must have a scholastic record of at least UNK THE UNK UNK is composed of the men of the College who have won an official letter in Carleton UNK The purpose of the Club is to promote better athletic teams at Carleton and to increase interest in them among the student body. This is done by encouraging the entire male student body to participate in either the intercollegiate or UNK sports program and by UNK the Carleton UNK UNK UNK The UNK Club was organized by undergraduate men interested in playing UNK and promoting the sport. Membership consists of both UNK and experienced players. UNK are held regularly and the schedule of games is prepared by the student coach and the officers of the club. UNK UNK UNK This Association, organized in 1920, is affiliated with the Athletic Federation of College UNK The purpose of the organization is to further the interest of women students in recreational activities as a means of promoting physical efficiency, UNK and UNK for play's UNK The Association is governed by a board made up of representatives from each of the four classes. Membership is open to any woman student in the College. Active groups sponsored by the organization include the UNK Club, UNK Golf Club, Tennis Club, and UNK The UNK Club, open to students proficient in UNK presents the UNK Spring UNK UNK and during the year it offers UNK movies, breakfast UNK and trips to broaden their knowledge of the sport. UNK for students interested in the modern dance, contributes to the May UNK and offers earlier in the year a modern dance demonstration. Tennis Club participates in a dual tennis tournament with the University of Minnesota each fall, and also sponsors a two-day state UNK tennis meet at Carleton in May. The UNK present a UNK water show the week of the May UNK Under the auspices of the Women's Recreation Association, UNK competition is organized in UNK UNK field UNK UNK UNK and UNK The Association participates in the winter sports UNK and sponsors several Play Days with St& UNK and other near-by colleges. With the co-operation of the Department of Physical Education for UNK the Women's Recreation Association UNK mixed UNK in tennis and golf in the fall and spring. Throughout the year there are social events, such as UNK breakfast UNK canoe trips, UNK and indoor parties. UNK UNK IN UNK to the miscellaneous pamphlets and other printed matter which it issues, the College maintains regular publications, as follows: <The UNK in five UNK <The Report of the UNK in UNK <The Alumni Fund UNK in UNK the annual UNK in UNK an UNK UNK UNK in UNK and a special UNK in June. The College also UNK each year <The Report of the UNK and a monthly UNK entitled UNK College UNK In co-operation with the Alumni Association of Carleton College, an alumni magazine, <The UNK of the Carleton UNK is edited and mailed seven times a year by the UNK Publications Office and the Alumni Office. At intervals an alumni UNK is issued. These publications may be secured as follows: The annual UNK from the Director of UNK and other issues from the Publications Office. In January, 1960, the first issue of <The Carleton UNK a quarterly literary magazine, was published by the College. The magazine, edited by members of the Carleton Department of English, includes contributions by authors from both within and beyond the Carleton community. #STUDENT UNK <The UNK the college newspaper, is edited by students and published by the College under the supervision of the Publications Board. (See page UNK It is issued weekly throughout the college year. The Publications Board holds annual competitive examinations for places on the editorial and business UNK The editor, sports editor, and student business manager are chosen in December, the new staff assuming responsibility for the paper at the beginning of the second semester. The paper affords excellent practice for students interested in the field of UNK <The UNK the college UNK is published in the fall of each year. <The UNK serves as a record of campus organizations and student activities during the year. The Publications Board receives applications for the positions of editor and business manager and makes the appointments in the spring previous to the year of publication. Members of <The UNK staff are nominated by the editor and business manager and appointed by the Publications Board. UNK a quarterly literary magazine, is published by the students of the College. It is the purpose of this magazine to serve as an outlet for student creative writing. The editor and business manager of UNK are appointed by the Publications Board. UNK UNK UNK A UNK UNK broadcasting station, UNK heard only in the campus UNK is owned and operated by the students to provide an outlet for student dramatic, UNK literary, technical, and other talents, and to furnish information, music, and entertainment for campus listeners. Over a hundred students participate in the planning and production of the daily program schedule. UNK provides experience for students who wish to pursue careers in radio. #STUDENT UNK THE UNK STUDENT UNK includes all students in college and is intended "to work for the UNK of Carleton College by providing student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and execution of policies which UNK to student life and UNK THE UNK UNK UNK is a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association. UNK activities for the entire campus are planned by the UNK Board. In recent months, much attention has been given to the probable extent of the current UNK in business and economists are somewhat divided as to the outlook for the near future. And yet, despite some disappointment with the performance of this first year of the new decade, 1960 has been a good year in many ways, with many overall measures of business having reached new peaks for the year as a whole. The shift in sentiment from excessive optimism early in the year to the present mood of caution has probably been a good thing, in that it has prevented the accumulation of the UNK inventories that have characterized many previous UNK in the business cycle. This caution has been particularly noticeable in a tendency of retailers and UNK to shift the inventory burden back on the UNK and the fact stocks at retail are low in many lines has escaped attention because of the presence of higher stocks at the manufacturing level. In the electronics industry, this tendency is well illustrated by inventories of ~TV sets. Factory stocks in recent months have been the highest they have been in three years, while those at retail are below 1959. The total value of our industry's shipments, at factory prices, increased from UNK billion in 1959 to approximately UNK billion as a result of increases in all of the major segments of our UNK home entertainment, military, UNK and UNK I believe a further gain is in prospect for 1961. UNK UNK SALES UNK UNK the largest percentage of UNK sets such as consoles and combinations since 1953, dollar value of home entertainment electronics in 1960 was about UNK billion, compared to UNK billion in 1959. Sales of ~TV sets at retail ran ahead of the like months of 1959 through UNK set production (excluding those destined for the export UNK also ran ahead in the early months, but was UNK after the usual vacation UNK in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly UNK For the year as a whole, retail sales of ~TV sets probably came to UNK million against 5.7 million in UNK however, production came to only UNK million compared to UNK million. In contrast to the lower turnout of UNK total radio production increased from UNK million sets to UNK million (excluding UNK Both home and auto radios were in excellent demand, with retail sales of home sets ahead of 1959 in every month of the first UNK sales and production of home sets were about equal at UNK million units. UNK set production came to about UNK million compared to UNK million in 1959. UNK UNK also had a good year, reflecting the growing popularity of stereo sound and the same tendency on the part of the consumer to upgrade that characterized the radio-~TV market. The outlook for entertainment electronics in 1961 is certainly far from clear at present, but recent surveys have shown a desire on the part of consumers to step up their buying plans for durable goods. I would expect that sales at retail in the first half of 1961 might be below 1960 by some UNK but that UNK levels should show a favorable comparison, with a possibility of quite strong demand late in the year if business conditions recover as some recent forecasts suggest they will. I look for ~TV sales and production to be approximately equal at 5.7 million sets for the year, but I look for some decline in radios from the high rate in 1961 to more nearly the 1959 level of UNK million sets. I therefore believe it is realistic to assume a modest drop in the total value of home entertainment electronics to about UNK million, slightly below 1960, but above 1959. UNK UNK TO UNK 1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military UNK which totalled about UNK billion compared to UNK billion in 1959. It is interesting to note that the present level of military electronics procurement is greater than the industry's total sales to all markets in UNK which were good years for our industry with television enjoying its initial period of rapid consumer acceptance. It has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably UNK to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the UNK and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense UNK While this may well be true in general, I believe it is also important to keep in mind that some recent developments suggest that over the next year or so military electronics may be one of the most strongly growing areas in an economy which is not expanding rapidly in other directions. Among the items scheduled for acceleration in the near future are the UNK and UNK programs, strengthening of the airborne alert system of the Strategic Air UNK and improved battlefield surveillance systems. Research and development expenditures connected with the reconnaissance satellite UNK and the future development of ballistic missile defense systems such as UNK are expected to increase UNK Research, development test and evaluation funds, devoted to missiles in 1960 were 3 to 4 times as large as those devoted to aircraft, and actual missile procurement is expected to exceed aircraft procurement by 1963. Still later, the realm of space technology will show substantial UNK it has been estimated that spending by the National UNK and Space Administration will rise from less than $500 million in fiscal 1960 to more than $2 billion by UNK and that the electronic industry's share of these expenditures will be closer to 50% than the current UNK The stepped up defense procurement called for in the 1961 UNK has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it, and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962. Although the impact of these increases on our industry's shipments will be UNK on balance I look for another good increase in shipments in the coming year, to at least UNK billion. UNK ELECTRONIC UNK UNK by the continuing rapid growth of electronic data UNK sales of industrial and commercial electronic equipment totalled UNK billion compared to UNK billion in 1959. The market for computers and other UNK continues to expand at the rate of about 30% UNK reaching some UNK million in 1960. UNK estimates look for this market to approximately UNK by the late UNK under the stimulus of new applications in the fields of UNK and retailing, industrial process control, and information storage and UNK In the industrial field, prospects for higher expenditures on electronic testing and measuring equipment are also quite bright. For the near term, however, it must be realized that the industrial and commercial market is somewhat more sensitive to general business conditions than is the military market, and for this reason I would expect that any gain in 1961 may be somewhat smaller than those of recent years; sales should slightly exceed 1960, however, and reach UNK billion. UNK UNK In addition to the three major original equipment segments of the electronics business, the steady growth in the market for replacement parts continues year by year. This is now a UNK billion business, up from UNK billion in 1959, and should reach $1.1 billion in 1961. The markets for electronic parts in 1960 have reflected the changing patterns of the various end equipment segments of the industry. UNK for parts for home entertainment was strong in the first half, but purchases were cut back to lower levels during the fall as set manufacturers reduced their own operating rates. In the military field, incoming orders turned down early in the year, and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components. Sales of UNK in 1960 exceeded $300 million, compared to UNK million in 1959 despite substantial price reductions in virtually all types. Production totalled about UNK million units against UNK million in 1959, and I look for a further gain to UNK million units worth approximately UNK million in 1961. Sales of passive components, such as UNK and UNK although not growing as fast as those of UNK were ahead of 1959 this year, and should increase again in 1961. In UNK I look for another good year for the electronics industry in 1961, with total sales increasing about UNK to UNK billion, despite the uncertainties in the business outlook generally. As I have indicated above, I base this feeling on a belief that current weakness in the market for consumer durable goods may continue through the early months of the year, but will give way to a sufficiently strong recovery later on to bring the UNK figures close to those of UNK on prospects for continued increases in defense UNK and on continued growth in the applications of electronics to the complex problems of manufacturing and trade in the expanding but competitive economy of the UNK The appointment of Gilbert B& Devey as General Manager of UNK Engineering, Inc&, of Stamford, Connecticut, a leading manufacturer of UNK and UNK controlled UNK electrical controls, has been announced by David B& Peck, Vice President, Special UNK Mr& Devey will be responsible for the commercial expansion of UNK line of electronic and electrical power control components as furnished to end equipment manufacturers, working closely with Walter J& Brown, President and Director of Engineering of the recently acquired Sprague UNK Mr& Brown will at the same time undertake expansion of UNK custom design program for electronic control UNK with a greatly increased engineering staff. Mr& UNK new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of UNK Special Products UNK which UNK a wide line of digital electronic components, packaged component assemblies, and high temperature magnet UNK Mr& Devey first came to Sprague in 1953 as a Product UNK in the Field Engineering Department, coming from the Office of Naval Research in Washington, D& C&, where he was an electronic scientist engaged in undersea warfare studies. During World War /2,, he was a lieutenant commander in the United States Navy. Mr& Devey is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and attended the United States Naval Academy UNK School specializing in electronic UNK He was named Product Manager of the Special Products Division of Sprague when it was founded in 1958, and was later promoted to his present post. Mr& Devey is a member of the Institute of Radio Engineers, and is chairman of the UNK Industries Association Committee UNK on UNK and UNK UNK Mr& Brown, UNK UNK inventor, prior to founding UNK was at various times section leader in radio research at Metropolitan UNK Electrical Co&, UNK chief engineer of the radio set division of Electric and Musical UNK Ltd&, the largest electronic equipment manufacturer in Great UNK director of engineering at UNK of Great Britain, Ltd&, and vice president in charge of production and assistant to the president at The Brush Development Co&, Cleveland, Ohio. He has a UNK of Science from the University of Manchester, England. Mr& Brown presently has over 130 patents to his credit dating back to 1923. He is a fellow of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, and a senior member of the Institute of Radio UNK He is a member of the Institution of Electrical Engineers, London, a registered professional engineer in Connecticut and Ohio, and a chartered electrical engineer in Great Britain. The promotion of Robert E& Swift to the position of Assistant Manager of the UNK Control Field Service Department was announced early in December by Frederick S& UNK Manager of UNK Control Field Service. The appointment was made in a move to expand the engineering services offered to the designers of electronic systems through assistance in UNK UNK problems. Between meetings he helps the president keep track of delegated matters. Since these duties fit neatly with those of the proposed presidential UNK one person, with adequate staff assistance, could fill both jobs. ## UNK faculty see themselves as UNK professionals rather than as employees, enthusiasm in a common enterprise is proportionate to the sense of ownership they have in it by virtue of sharing in the decisions that govern its UNK The faculty believes that broad autonomy is necessary to preserve its freedom in teaching and scholarship. The president expects faculty members to remember, in exercising their autonomy, that they share no collective responsibility for the university's income nor are they personally UNK for top-level decisions. He may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy, but he has a right to expect, in return, that they will leave administrative matters to the administration. How well do faculty members govern UNK There is little evidence that they are giving any systematic thought to a general theory of the optimum scope and nature of their part in government. They sometimes pay more attention to their rights than to their own internal problems of government. They, too, need to learn to UNK UNK the administration take details off their hands would give them more time to inform themselves about education as a whole, an area that would benefit by more faculty attention. Although faculties insist on governing themselves, they grant little prestige to a member who actively participates in college or university government. There are, nevertheless, several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their UNK He can, for example, present significant UNK issues to the UNK He can encourage quality in faculty committee work in various ways: by seeing to it that the membership of each committee represents the thoughtful as well as the UNK UNK by making certain that no faculty member has too many committee UNK by assuring good liaison between the committees and the UNK by minimizing the number of UNK Despite the many avenues for the exchange of ideas between faculty and administration, complaints of a lack of communication UNK The cause is as often neglect as UNK to disclose. A busy president, UNK with a problem and its ramifications and beset by pressures to meet UNK tends naturally to assume that others must be as familiar with a problem as he is. The need for interchange and understanding makes vital the full use of all methods of UNK To increase faculty influence and decrease tension, many presidents have established a standing advisory committee with which they can discuss problems UNK The president has little influence in day-by-day UNK changes, but if he looks ahead two, three, or five years to anticipate issues and throw out challenging ideas, he can open the way for UNK and he can also have a great deal to say as to what path it will take. Success will require UNK sensitivity to faculty UNK patience, and UNK ## <The critical task for every president and his academic administrative staff is to assure that the college or university continually UNK and UNK itself so that its performance will match changing social demands **h great professors do not automatically reproduce UNK UNK can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty. They serve not only as spokesmen for their areas, but they also contribute to top-level decision making. The president who UNK strong men who have an UNK or university point of view and a talent and respect for administration can count on useful assistance. UNK members depend on their department chairmen to promote their interests with the administration. The administration at the same time, looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments. One way that this can be done, other than by hiring new high-priced professors, is by constantly encouraging the department members to raise their standards of performance. The quality of a president's leadership is measured first by his success in building up the faculty. By supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards, the president can encourage faculty leadership. UNK he can best help them by insuring that rigorous criteria for appointment and promotion are clearly set forth and adhered to. The academic dean should take a direct, long-term interest in faculty development. An alert dean will UNK all through the year on personnel needs, plans for the future, qualifications of those on the job, and bright prospects elsewhere. For the maintenance of a long-term program, the UNK and particularly their UNK are UNK They evaluate and nominate candidates for appointment and UNK To provide an independent judgment for the president, the academic dean also UNK candidates thoroughly. At some colleges and universities, a faculty committee reviews and reports to the administration on the qualifications of candidates. Some faculty members and many administrators oppose faculty review groups because they either repeat department's actions or act <pro UNK They can be effective, however, if their members set high standards for candidates and devote substantial time to the work. At one university, the president cites the faculty review committee as "a valued partner of the administration in guarding and promoting the quality of the UNK Before the president UNK a candidate to the UNK the administration collects the views of colleagues in the same field of knowledge on campus and elsewhere. The president or dean reads some of his publications to form the UNK possible evaluation of the quality of his mind. No good way to evaluate teaching ability has yet been discovered, although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of UNK To avoid passing over quiet, UNK teachers as well as to decide whether others merit promotion, review of the right of faculty members to promotion or salary increases should be made periodically whether or not they have been recommended for advancement by their departments. There are certain aspects of personnel development in which a president must involve himself directly. He should personally consider the potential of a faculty member proposed for UNK to guard against the mistake of making this profoundly serious commitment turn solely upon the man's former achievements. No one can be as effective as the president in inspiring older men to welcome imaginative new teachers whose philosophy or approach to their UNK is quite different. In particular, the president may have to UNK all his UNK powers to persuade department members to accept an outstanding man above the normal salary scale. On those rare occasions when a faculty member on tenure is not meeting the standards of the institution, the president must also bear the ultimate burden of decision and action. ## <A true university, like most successful marriages, is a unity of UNK **h Without forcing all components into a single pattern, the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level, which a UNK in contrast to a UNK should stand UNK Recently colleges and universities have begun to translate their educational philosophy into UNK goals. Each year a few more institutions are deciding such questions as: Shall we require a liberal education built around a UNK core for all UNK Or shall we permit early specialization in scientific and technological UNK In the first instance, adequate appropriate reading materials and library accommodations must be planned. In the second, more shops, UNK and staff will be required. For the president, a master plan looking ahead five years (the maximum reach for sound UNK offers several practical advantages. Trustees, faculty, and administration can consider the consequences of decisions before they are made, instead of UNK Physical plant and equipment can be efficiently developed. UNK new programs can be examined for UNK to goals and for present and future financial UNK More than one president has found that a long-range plan helps him to attract major UNK It UNK confidence in his UNK determination to establish goals and to achieve them. Before deciding where it is UNK however, a college or university must know where it is. The first step is a comprehensive self study made by faculty, by outside UNK or by a combination of the two. It should UNK appraise UNK faculty, organization, buildings, faculty work UNK and potential for growth in stature and size. Implementation of the master plan will inevitably be UNK Some departments will attack their new goals UNK others may drag their feet. Funds may be readily donated for some purposes but not others. A plan must therefore be brought up to date UNK possibly with the assistance of a permanent planning officer. To provide the continuous flow of information basic to administrative decisions, a number of institutions have established offices of institutional research. Some offices have very broad UNK touching on almost all aspects of a university's instructional program. Their duties include evaluation of the information collected and preparation of recommendations. More often, these offices are restricted to the gathering of empirical data. ## **h <the president's opportunity for UNK education reaches its highest point, as he decides which projects he will cut back, which he will advance by increased allowances or new fund-raising UNK No matter how high the hopes and dreams of UNK budget making UNK them to the cold realities of dollars and UNK When the budget goes to trustees for approval it is the president's budget, to which his faith and credit are UNK its principal features should be a product of his most considered judgment. He cannot, of course, examine each proposal from UNK He reviews and shapes the work of others to mold a single joint product that will best promote the aims of the institution. UNK must be flexible to allow adaptation to the rapid changes in scientific and technological scholarship. Because scientific instruction and research involve increasingly large sums of money, an institution should choose its fields of UNK UNK it will be headed for UNK at UNK and at best towards UNK of other less dramatic but socially and culturally indispensable branches of learning. In the national interest even the UNK universities must consider some division of labor among them to replace their present ambitions to keep up with the UNK in all branches. ## UNK activities- business management, public relations, UNK offer presidents one of their best chances to buy freedom for attention to education **h Here the reasonable mastery of the elements of administration can do much to free a president for his primary UNK In the areas that do not relate directly to the educational program, expert subordinates will serve the college or university better than close presidential attention. The president should find strong subordinates and delegate the widest discretion to them. Higher education cannot compete with the salary scales of the business world, but an educational institution can offer many potent intangible attractions to members of the business community that will offset the differences in income. Just as the entire faculty should know the president's educational philosophy and objectives, so should UNK officers. They will better understand the relationship of their activities to the academic program and they will be able to explain their actions to faculty in terms of mutual goals. A president is frequently UNK to serve in UNK civic and governmental UNK to make speeches to lay groups, and to make numerous UNK appearances on and off campus. Since he can neither accept nor reject them all, he must be governed by the time and energy available for his prime professional obligations. UNK and UNK are better received when he explains why his obligations to his institution preclude his acceptance. By sharing the load of important speeches with his UNK the president can develop a cadre of able spokesmen who will help to create a public perception of the university as an institution, something more than the UNK shadow of one man. #1. UNK IT HAS recently become practical to use the radio emission of the moon and planets as a new source of information about these bodies and their UNK The results of present observations of the thermal radio emission of the moon are consistent with the very low thermal conductivity of the surface layer which was derived from the variation in the infrared emission during eclipses (e&g&, UNK 1958). When sufficiently accurate and complete measurements are available, it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and UNK materials of the moon. Observations of the radio emission of a planet which has an extensive atmosphere will probe the atmosphere to a greater extent than those using shorter wave lengths and should in some cases give otherwise UNK information about the characteristics of the solid surface. Radio observations of Venus and Jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical conditions of these UNK The observed intensity of the radio emission of Venus is much higher than the expected thermal intensity, although the spectrum indicated by measurements at wave lengths near 3 ~cm and UNK ~cm is like that of a black body at about UNK UNK This result suggests a very high temperature at the solid surface of the UNK although there is the possibility that the observed radiation may be a combination of both thermal and UNK components and that the observed spectrum is that of a black body merely by UNK For the case of UNK the radio emission spectrum is definitely not like the spectrum of a black-body UNK and it seems very likely that the radiation reaching the earth is a combination of thermal radiation from the atmosphere and UNK components. Of the remaining planets, only Mars and Saturn have been observed as radio sources, and not very much information is available. Mars has been observed twice at about UNK wave length, and the intensity of the observed radiation is in reasonable agreement with the thermal radiation which might be predicted on the basis of the known temperature of UNK The low intensity of the radiation from Saturn has limited observations, but again the measured radiation seems to be consistent with a thermal origin. No attempts to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported, and, because of their distances, small UNK or low temperatures, the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity. In spite of this, the very large radio reflectors and improved UNK techniques which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planets in a few years. The study of the radio emission of the moon and planets began with the detection of the thermal radiation of the moon at UNK wave length by UNK and UNK UNK This was followed by a comprehensive series of observations of the UNK emission of the moon over three lunar cycles by Piddington and Minnett (1949). They deduced from their measurements that the radio emission from the whole disk of the moon varied during a UNK in a roughly UNK UNK that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by UNK and UNK UNK and UNK UNK and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3-1/2 days after Full UNK which is again in contrast to the infrared UNK which reaches its maximum at Full UNK Piddington and Minnett explained their observations by pointing out that UNK materials which are likely to make up the surface of the moon would be partially transparent to radio waves, although opaque to infrared radiation. The infrared emission could then be assumed to originate at the surface of the moon, while the radio emission UNK at some depth beneath the surface, where the temperature variation due to solar radiation is reduced in amplitude and shifted in phase. Since the absorption of radio waves in UNK material varies with wave length, it should be possible to sample the temperature variation at different depths beneath the surface and possibly detect changes in the structure or composition of the lunar surface material. The radio emission of a planet was first detected in 1955, when Burke and Franklin (1955) identified the origin of UNK radio noise on their records at about 15 meters wave length as emission from UNK This sporadic type of planetary radiation is discussed by Burke UNK UNK and UNK UNK UNK UNK radiation which was presumably of thermal origin was observed from Venus at 3.15 and UNK ~cm, and from Mars and Jupiter at 3.15 ~cm in 1956 UNK McCullough, and UNK UNK UNK UNK and from Saturn at UNK ~cm in 1957 UNK and UNK 1958). In the relatively short time since these early observations, Venus has been observed at additional wave lengths in the range from 0.8 to UNK ~cm, and Jupiter has been observed over the UNK range from UNK to 68 UNK The UNK characteristics of planetary radio radiation are the intensity, the UNK and the direction of arrival of the waves. The maximum angular diameter of any planetary disk as observed from the earth is about 1 minute of arc. This is much smaller than the highest resolution of even the very large reflectors now under construction, and consequently the radio emission of different regions of the disk cannot be UNK It should be possible, however, to put useful limits on the diameters of the radio sources by observing with large reflectors or with UNK Measurements of polarization are presently limited by apparatus sensitivity and will remain difficult because of the low intensity of the planetary radiation at the earth. There have been few measurements specifically for the determination of the polarization of planetary radiation. The measurements made with the UNK 50-foot UNK which is UNK would have shown a systematic change with local hour angle in the measured intensities of Venus and Jupiter if a substantial part of the radiation had been linearly UNK Recent interferometer measurements UNK and Roberts, UNK have shown the UNK emission of Jupiter to be partially UNK and to originate in a region of larger diameter than the visible disk. Other than this very significant result, most of the information now available about the radio emission of the planets is restricted to the intensity of the radiation. The concept of apparent black-body temperature is used to describe the radiation received from the moon and the UNK The received radiation is compared with the radiation from a hypothetical black body which UNK the same solid angle as the visible disk of the UNK The UNK black-body disk UNK is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation. The use of this concept does not specify the origin of the radiation, and only if the planet really UNK as a black body, will the apparent black-body temperature correspond to the physical temperature of the UNK material. The radio radiation of the sun which is reflected from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at UNK wave lengths, except possibly at times of exceptional UNK of solar radio noise. The UNK level of UNK UNK solar radiation would increase the average disk brightness temperature by less than UNK UNK At meter wave lengths and increase of the order of UNK ~K in the average disk temperatures of the nearer planets would be expected. Therefore, neglecting the extreme UNK reflected solar radiation is not expected to cause sizable errors in the measurements of planetary radiation in the UNK and UNK range. #2. THE UNK UNK UNK Radio observations of the moon have been made over the range of wave lengths from 4.3 ~mm to 75 ~cm, and the results are summarized in Table 1. Observations have also been made at 1.5 ~mm using optical techniques UNK 1955, UNK see also UNK UNK Not all the observers have used the same procedures or made the same assumptions about the lunar brightness distribution when reducing the data, and this, together with differences in the methods of UNK the antennae and UNK must account for much of the disagreement in the measured radio brightness UNK In the observations at 4.3 ~mm UNK UNK the diameter of the antenna UNK UNK was small enough to allow resolution of some of the larger features of the lunar surface, and contour diagrams have been made of the lunar brightness distribution at three lunar UNK These observations indicate that the lunar UNK heat up more rapidly and also cool off more rapidly than do the mountainous regions. UNK UNK seems to be an exception and remains cooler than the regions which surround it. These contour diagrams also suggest a rather rapid UNK in the radio brightness with UNK Very recently, observations have been made at UNK wave length with a reflector 22 meters in diameter with a resultant beam width of only about UNK UNK UNK and UNK 1960). The UNK contours are much smoother than those observed at 4.3 ~mm by UNK UNK and apparently the emission at 8 ~mm is not nearly so sensitive to differences in surface features. Such UNK observations as these are needed at several wave lengths in order that the radio emission of the moon can be properly UNK The observations of UNK McCullough, and Sloanaker at 3.15 ~cm and of Sloanaker at UNK ~cm have not previously been published and will be briefly described. Measurements at 3.15 ~cm were obtained on 11 days spread over the interval May 3 to June 19, 1956, using the 50-foot reflector at the U& S& Naval Research Laboratory in Washington. The UNK diameter of the antenna beam was about UNK and the angle UNK by the moon included the entire main beam and part of the first side UNK The antenna patterns and the power gain at the peak of the beam were both measured UNK McCullough, and UNK UNK so that the absolute power sensitivity of the antenna beam over the solid angle of the moon was known. The ratio of the measured antenna temperature change during a drift scan across the moon to the average brightness temperature of the moon over the antenna beam UNK that the brightness temperature of the sky is UNK was found, by UNK integration of the antenna UNK UNK to be UNK The measured brightness temperature is a good approximation to the brightness temperature at the UNK of the lunar UNK because of the narrow antenna beam and because the temperature distribution over the central portion of the UNK disk is nearly UNK The result of the observations is (in UNK UNK **f where the phase angle, UNK is measured in degrees from new moon and the probable errors include absolute as well as relative errors. This result is plotted along with the UNK observations of Gibson (1958) in figure 1, UNK The variation in the UNK emission of the moon during a UNK is very much less than the variation in the UNK UNK as would be expected from the explanation of Piddington and Minnett (1949). In the discussion which follows, the time average of the radio emission will be referred to as the UNK UNK and the superimposed periodic variation will be called the UNK UNK The UNK observation of Sloanaker was made on May 20, 1958, using the UNK reflector at the Maryland Point UNK of the U& S& Naval Research Laboratory. The age of the moon was about 2 days. The UNK diameter of the main lobe of the antenna was about UNK and the brightness temperature was reduced by assuming a UNK shape for the antenna beam and a uniformly bright disk for the moon. UNK Experiments were made on an electric arc applying a porous graphite anode cooled by a transpiring gas UNK Thus, the energy transferred from the arc to the anode was partly fed back into the arc. It was shown that by proper anode design the net energy loss of the arc to the anode could be reduced to approximately 15% of the total arc energy A detailed energy balance of the anode was established. The anode UNK could be reduced to a negligible UNK The dependence of the arc voltage upon the mass flow velocity of the UNK gas was investigated for various arc lengths and currents between 100 UNK and 200 UNK UNK observations were made and UNK motion pictures were taken to study flow phenomena in the arc at various mass flow velocities. #INTRODUCTION# The high heat fluxes existing at the electrode surfaces of electric arcs necessitate extensive cooling to prevent electrode UNK The cooling requirements are particularly severe at the anode. In free burning electric UNK for instance, approximately 90% of the total arc power is transferred to the anode giving rise to local heat fluxes in excess of **f as measured by the UNK the exact value depending on the arc atmosphere. In plasma generators as currently commercially available for industrial use or as high temperature research tools often more than 50% of the total energy input is being transferred to the UNK medium of the anode. The higher heat transfer rates at the anode compared with those at the cathode can be explained by the physical phenomena occurring in free burning UNK In plasma generators the superimposed forced UNK may modify the picture somewhat. The heat transfer to the anode is due to the following UNK 1. Heat of condensation UNK UNK plus kinetic energy of the electrons impinging on the anode. This energy transfer depends on the UNK the temperature in the arc column, the anode material, and the conditions in the anode UNK 2. Heat transfer by molecular UNK as well as by radiation from the arc column. The heat transfer to the anode in free burning arcs is enhanced by a hot gas jet flowing from the cathode towards the anode with velocities up **f. This phenomenon has been experimentally investigated in detail by UNK (Ref& 1). The pressure gradient producing the jet is due to the nature of the magnetic field in the arc UNK decrease of current density from cathode to the UNK Hence, the flow conditions at the anode of free burning arcs resemble those near a UNK point. it is apparent from the above and from experimental evidence that the cooling requirements for the anode of free burning arcs are large compared with those for the UNK The gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions; however, the anode is still the part receiving the largest heat UNK An attempt to improve the life of the UNK or the efficiency of the plasma generators must, therefore, aim at a reduction of the anode loss. The following possibilities exist for achieving this: 1. The use of high UNK and low currents by proper design to reduce electron heat transfer to the anode for a given power UNK 2. Continuous motion of the arc contact area at the anode by flow or magnetic forces. 3. Feed back of the energy transferred to the anode by applying gas UNK through the anode. The third method was, to our knowledge, successfully applied for the first time by C& UNK and UNK (Ref& 2). The purpose of the present study is to study the thermal conditions and to establish an energy balance for a UNK cooled anode as well as the effect of blowing on the arc UNK Gas injection through a porous anode UNK UNK not only feeds back the energy transferred to the anode by the above mentioned processes, but also UNK the conditions in the arc itself. A detailed study of this latter phenomenon was not attempted in this paper. UNK was used as a blowing gas to exclude any effects of dissociation or chemical reaction. The anode material was porous UNK UNK porous UNK should be usable in principle. However, technical difficulties arise by melting at local hot spots. The experimental arrangement as described below is based on the geometry of free burning UNK Thus, direct comparisons can be drawn with free burning arcs which have been studied in detail during the past years and decades by numerous investigators (Ref& UNK #EXPERIMENTAL UNK Figures 1 to 3 show photographic and UNK views of the test stand and of two different models of the anode holder. The cathode consisted of a 1/4'' diameter UNK tungsten rod attached to a water cooled copper tube. This tube could be adjusted in its UNK direction by an electric drive to establish the required electrode UNK The anode in figure 2 was mounted by means of the anode holder which was attached to a steel plug and disk. The transpiring gas UNK from the anode formed a jet directed UNK towards the cathode below. UNK of air from the surrounding atmosphere was prevented by the two disks shown in figure 2. UNK was also blown at low velocities UNK flow rate UNK through a tube UNK with the cathode as an additional UNK against contamination of the arc by air. The anode consisted of a 1/2 inch diameter porous graphite UNK 1/4 inch long. The graphite was National UNK UNK 60, which has a UNK of 50% and an average UNK size of 30 This small UNK size was required to ensure uniformity of the flow leaving the anode. The anode plug UNK 2) was inserted into a carbon anode holder. A shielded thermocouple was used to measure the upstream temperature of the transpiring gas. It was exposed to a high velocity gas jet. A plug and a tube with holes in its cylindrical walls divided the chamber above the porous plug into two parts. This arrangement had the purpose to prevent heated gas to reach the thermocouple by natural UNK Two UNK shown in figure 1 and 2 UNK Instrument Co& Model UNK served for simultaneous measurement of the anode surface temperature and the temperature distribution along the anode holder. Three thermocouples were placed at different locations in the aluminum disk surrounding the anode holder to determine its temperature. Another anode holder used in the experiments is shown in figure 3. In this design the anode holder is water cooled and the heat losses by UNK from the anode were determined by measuring the temperature rise of the UNK To reduce heat transfer from the hot has to this anode holder outside the regime of the arc, a carbon shield was attached UNK surface providing an air gap of UNK inch between the plate and the surface of the anode holder. In addition, the inner surface of the carbon shield was covered with aluminum foil to reduce radiation. UNK of the shield and of the surface of the UNK anode holder were measured by thermocouples to account for heat received by the UNK but not originating from the anode plug. The argon flow from commercial bottles was regulated by a pressure UNK and measured with a gas flow UNK The power source was a commercial D& C& UNK At 100 UNK the 360 cycle UNK was less than 0.5 ~V UNK to UNK with a UNK load. The current was regulated by means of a variable UNK and measured with a 50 UNK UNK and UNK The arc voltage was measured with a UNK whose UNK were connected to the anode and cathode UNK Because of the falling characteristic of the UNK no UNK UNK was required for stability of operation. A high frequency UNK was used to start the arc. #EXPERIMENTAL PROCEDURE AND UNK UNK _1. UNK UNK UNK WITH UNK UNK UNK The anode holder shown in figure 2 was designed with two goals in mind. The heat losses of the holder were to be reduced as far as possible and they should be such that an accurate heat balance can be made. In order to reduce the number of variable UNK all experiments were made with a constant arc length of UNK and a current of 100 UNK The argon flow through the porous anode was varied systematically between **f. and **f. The lower limit was determined by the fact that for smaller flow rates the arc started to strike to the anode holder instead of to the porous graphite plug and that it became highly UNK The upper limit was determined by the difficulty of measuring the characteristic anode surface temperature (see UNK since only a small region of the anode was struck by the arc. This region which had a higher temperature than the rest of the anode surface changed size and location UNK For each mass flow rate the arc voltage was UNK To measure the surface temperature of the anode UNK the surface was scanned with a UNK As it turned out, a very hot region occurred on the plug. Its temperature was denoted by **f. The size of this hot region was estimated by eye. The rest of the surface had a temperature which decreased towards the outer diameter of the plug. The mean temperature of this region was approximated by the temperature measured UNK between the edge of the hot spot and the rim of the plug. It was denoted by **f. The mean temperature of the surface was then computed according to the following UNK **f where UNK is the fraction of the plug area covered by the hot spot. Assuming thermal equilibrium between the anode surface and the transpiring UNK the gas UNK rise through the anode was calculated according to the relation **f whereby the specific heat of argon was taken as **f. This calculation results in an UNK rise which is somewhat high because it assumes a mass flow equally distributed over the plug cross section whereas in reality the mass velocity is expected to be smaller in the regions of higher UNK The upstream gas temperature measured with the thermocouple shown in figure 2 was **f. The **f values are listed in Table 1 together with the measured surface temperatures and arc UNK Simultaneously with the anode surface temperature and voltage measurements UNK readings were taken along the cylindrical surface of the carbon anode holder as indicated on figure 2. Some of these temperatures are plotted in figure 4. They showed no marked dependence on the flow rate within the accuracy of these measurements. Thus, the UNK line shown in figure 4 was taken as typical for the temperature distribution for all blowing rates. The thermocouples in the aluminum disk shown in figure 2 indicated an equilibrium temperature of the surface of **f. This temperature was taken as environmental temperature to which the anode holder was exposed as far as radiation is concerned. It is sufficiently small compared with the surface temperature of the anode UNK to make the energy flux UNK from the environment toward the anode holder negligible within the accuracy of the present measurements. The reflection of radiation originating from the anode holder and reflected back to it by the surrounding metal surfaces should also be small because of the UNK characteristic of the metal surfaces and of the specific UNK The total heat loss through the anode holder included also the heat conducted through the base of the cylindrical piece into the adjacent metal parts. It was calculated from the temperature gradient **f at **f inch as **f. The total heat flux from the porous plug into the plug holder is thereby **f The temperature distribution of figure 4 gives **f for all blowing rates, assuming **f. The temperature dependent value of UNK was taken from UNK 7. The radiation loss from the anode surface was computed according to **f where **f is the mean of the fourth powers of the temperatures **f and **f calculated UNK to equation (1). A band UNK is shown in Figure 2. It consists of two blocks with flat surfaces held apart by UNK There is a small well in the top in which the fluid or paste to be tested is placed. A tape of cellulose acetate is pulled between the blocks and the tape pulls the fluid or paste with it between the parallel faces of the blocks. In normal use weights are hung on the end of the tape and allowed to pull the tape and the material to be tested between the blocks. After it has reached terminal UNK the time for the tape to travel a known distance is recorded. By the use of various UNK data for a UNK of shear graph can be obtained. The instrument used for this work was a slight modification of that previously described. In this test a **f tape was pulled between the blocks with a motor and pulley at a rate of **f with a clearance of UNK on each side of the UNK This gives a rate of shear of **f. This, however, can only be considered UNK as the diameter of the pulley was increased by the build-up of tape and the tape was occasionally removed from the pulley during the runs. The face of one block contained a hole UNK in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure. Although there were only four fluids UNK it was apparent that there were two distinct types. Two of the fluids showed a UNK normal pressure when undergoing shear, and two showed small negative pressures which were negligible in comparison with the amount of the positive pressures generated by the other two. Figure 3 shows the data on a UNK fluid, labeled UNK UNK which gave a high positive normal pressure. Although the tape was run for over 1 UNK a steady state was not reached, and it was concluded that the reason for this was that the back pressure of the manometer was built up from the material fed from between the blocks and this was available at a very slow rate. A system had to be used which did not depend upon the feeding of the fluid into the manometer if measurements of the normal pressure were to be made in a reasonable time. A back pressure was then UNK and the rise or fall of the material in the manometer indicated which was greater, the normal pressure in the block or the back pressure. By this method it was determined that the normal pressure exerted by a sample of UNK UNK weight reported to be UNK was over half an atmosphere. The actual pressure was not determined because the pressure was beyond the upper limit of the apparatus on hand. The two fluids which gave the small negative pressures were UNK with molecular weights which were stated to be UNK and UNK These are fluids which one would expect to be less viscoelastic or more UNK because of their lower molecular weight. The maximum UNK was UNK of test fluid measured from the top of the block, and steady states were apparently reached with these UNK It is presumed that this negative head was associated with some UNK factor of the UNK since different readings were obtained with the same fluid and the only apparent difference was the assembly and UNK of the UNK This negative pressure is not explained by the velocity head **f since this is not sufficient to explain the readings by several UNK These experiments can be considered exploratory only. However, they do demonstrate the presence of large normal pressures in the presence of flat shear fields which were forecast by the theory in the first part of the paper. They also give information which will aid in the design of a more satisfactory instrument for the measurement of the normal UNK Such an instrument would be useful for the characterization of many commercial materials as well as theoretical studies. The elasticity as a parameter of fluids which is not subject to simple measurement at present, and it is a parameter which is probably varying in an unknown manner with many commercial materials. Such an instrument is expected to be especially useful if it could be used to measure the elasticity of heavy UNK such as printing UNK UNK UNK UNK plastics, and bread UNK for the elasticity is related to those various properties termed UNK UNK UNK etc&, which are usually judged by subjective methods at present. The actual change **f caused by a shear field is calculated by multiplying the pressure differential times the volume, just as it is for any gravitational or osmotic pressure head. If the volume is the UNK volume, then **f is obtained on a UNK basis which is the customary terminology of the UNK Although the **f calculation is obvious by analogy with that for gravitational field and osmotic pressure, it is interesting to confirm it by a method which can be generalized to include related effects. Consider a shear field with a height of ~<H> and a cross-sectional area of ~<A> opposed by a manometer with a height of ~<h> UNK to the same base as UNK and a cross-sectional area of UNK If **f is the change per unit volume in Gibbs function caused by the shear field at constant ~<P> and ~<T>, and UNK is the density of the fluid, then the total potential energy of the system above the reference height is **f. **f is the work necessary to fill the manometer column from the reference height to UNK The total volume of the system above the reference height is **f, and ~<h> can be eliminated to obtain an equation for the total potential energy of the system in terms of UNK The minimum total potential energy is found by taking the UNK with respect to ~<H> and equating to zero. This gives **f, which is the pressure. This is interesting for it combines both the UNK concept of a minimum Gibbs function for equilibrium and minimum mechanical potential energy for UNK This method can be extended to include the concentration differences caused by shear fields. The relation between osmotic pressure and the Gibbs function may also be developed in an analogous way. In the above development we have applied the UNK of equilibrium UNK to by some as UNK to the steady state. This can be justified UNK in this case, and this will be done in a separate paper which is being UNK This has an interesting analogy with the assumption stated by UNK that "the UNK mechanics of UNK UNK can be applied to flowing UNK There is one exception to the above statement as has been pointed out, and that is that fluids can relax by flowing into fields of lower rates of shear, so the statement should be modified by stating that the mechanics are similar. If the mechanics are UNK we can also UNK that the UNK will also be similar. The concept of the strain energy as a Gibbs function difference **f and UNK a force normal to the UNK face is compatible with the information obtained from optical birefringence studies of fluids undergoing shear. UNK these birefringence studies show that at low rates of shear a tension is present at 45` to the direction of shear, and as the rate of shear increases, the direction of the maximum tension moves UNK toward the direction of shear. According to UNK the UNK shear ~<s> is given by **f where UNK is the angle of UNK From this and the force of deformation it should be possible to calculate the elastic energy of deformation which should be equal to the **f calculated from the pressure normal to the UNK face. There is another means which should show the direction and relative value of the stresses in viscoelastic fluids that is not mentioned as such in the literature, and that is the shape of the suspended drops of low viscosity fluids in shear fields. These droplets are distorted by the normal forces just as a balloon would be pulled or pressed out of shape in one's hands. These droplets appear to be UNK and it is mathematically convenient to assume that they are. If they are not UNK the conclusions will be a reasonable UNK The direction of the tension of minimum pressure is, of course, given by the direction of the major axis of the UNK Mason and Taylor both show that the major axis of the UNK is at 45` at low rates of shear and that it approaches the direction of shear with increased rates of shear. UNK UNK break up before they are near to the direction of shear, and some become UNK to it without UNK This is, of course, a similar type of behavior to that indicated by birefringence studies. The relative forces can be calculated from the various UNK of curvature if we UNK UNK The surface tension is uniform on the surface of the UNK UNK That because of the low viscosity of the fluid, the internal pressure is the same in all directions. UNK The kinetic effects are negligible. UNK Since the shape of the drop conforms to the force field, it does not appreciably affect the distribution of forces in the UNK These are reasonable assumptions with low viscosity fluids suspended in high viscosity fluids which are subjected to low rates of shear. Just as the pressure exerted by surface tension in a spherical drop is **f and the pressure exerted by surface tension on a cylindrical shape is **f, the pressure exerted by any curved surface is **f, where UNK is the interfacial tension and **f and **f are the two UNK of UNK This formula is given by UNK and UNK If ~<a> is the major axis of an UNK and ~<b> and UNK are the other two UNK the radius of curvature in the UNK plane at the end of the axis is **f, and the difference in pressure along the ~<a> and ~<b> axes is **f. There are no data published in the literature on the shape of low viscosity drops to confirm the above formulas. However, there are photographs of suspended drops of UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK suspended in corn syrup of 71 UNK in a paper by Mason and UNK This viscosity of the material in the drops is, of course, not negligible. Measurements on the photograph in this paper give **f at the maximum rate of shear of **f. If it is assumed that the formula given by Lodge of **f, UNK UNK UNK the pressure difference along the major axes can be calculated from the angle of inclination of the major axis, and from this the interfacial tension can be UNK Its value was **f from the above data. This appears to be high, as would be expected from the appreciable viscosity of the material in the UNK It is appropriate to call attention to certain UNK properties of an ideal gas that are analogous to UNK UNK The internal energy of an ideal gas depends on temperature only and is independent of pressure or volume. In other words, if an ideal gas is compressed and kept at constant temperature, the work done in UNK it is completely converted into heat and transferred to the surrounding heat UNK This means that work equals ~<q> which in turn equals **f. There is a well-known relationship between probability and UNK which states that **f, where UNK is the probability that state (i&e&, volume for an ideal UNK could be reached by chance alone. this is known as UNK UNK This UNK UNK is, in this case, equal to the usual UNK for there are no other changes or other energies involved. Note that though the ideal gas itself contains no additional energy, the compressed gas does exert an increased pressure. The energy for any UNK work done by the perfect gas must come as thermal energy from its UNK ## A proton magnetic resonance study of polycrystalline **f as a function of magnetic field and temperature is presented. **f is UNK and electron paramagnetic dipole as well as nuclear dipole effects lead to line UNK The lines are UNK and over the range of field **f UNK and temperature **f the UNK increases with increasing **f and decreasing UNK An isotropic resonance shift of **f to lower applied fields indicates a weak isotropic UNK contact UNK The general theory of resonance shifts is used to derive a general expression for the second moment **f of a polycrystalline paramagnetic sample and is specialized to **f. The theory predicts a linear dependence of **f on **f, where UNK is the experimentally determined UNK constant. The experimental second moment **f conforms to the relation **f in agreement with theory. Hence, the electron paramagnetic effects UNK can be separated from the nuclear effects UNK The paramagnetic dipole effects provide some information on the particle UNK The nuclear dipole effects provide some information on the motions of the hydrogen UNK but the symmetry of the **f bond in **f remains in UNK #INTRODUCTION# THE magnetic moment of an unpaired electron associated nearby may have a tremendous influence on the magnetic resonance properties of nuclei. It is important to consider and experimentally verify this influence since quantitative nuclear resonance is becoming increasingly used in investigations of structure. **f appeared to be well suited for the study of these matters, since it is a normal UNK with three unpaired electrons on the UNK its crystal structure is very simple, and the unknown position of the hydrogen in the strong **f bond provides structural interest. We first discuss the **f bond in **f. We then outline the theory of the interaction of paramagnetic UNK with nuclei and show that the theory is in excellent agreement with experiment. Indeed it is possible to separate electron paramagnetic from nuclear effects. The information provided by the electron paramagnetic effects is then UNK and finally the nuclear effects are interpreted in terms of various UNK models of the **f bond in **f. UNK UNK IN UNK UNK studies of the hydrogen bond generally agree that the **f bond will be linear in the absence of UNK of packing in the UNK Moreover, it will be UNK until a certain critical **f distance is reached, below which it will become symmetric. There is ample evidence from many sources that the **f bond in **f is symmetric. The **f distance in **f is UNK ~A. There is evidence, though less convincing than for **f, that the **f bond in nickel UNK is symmetric. Here the **f distance is UNK ~A. A number of UNK estimates by various workers lead to the conclusion that the **f bond becomes UNK when the **f bond length is about UNK to 2.5 ~A, but aside from the possible example of nickel UNK there have been no convincing reports of UNK **f bonds. Douglass has studied the crystal structure of **f by x-ray UNK He finds the structure contains an **f bond with the **f distance of **f. There is, then, the possibility that this **f bond is UNK although Douglass was unable to determine its symmetry from his x-ray data. Douglass found **f to be UNK UNK symmetry **f, with **f, **f. X-ray and experimental density showed one formula unit in the unit cell, corresponding to a paramagnetic ion density of **f. The x-ray data did not permit Douglass to determine uniquely the space group, but a negative test for UNK led him to assume a center of UNK Under this assumption the space group must be **f and the following are the positions of the atoms in the unit cell. **f. This space group requires the hydrogen bond to be symmetric. Douglass found powder intensity calculations and measurements to agree best for **f. These data lead to a structure in which sheets of ~Cr atoms lie between two sheets of ~O atoms. The ~O atoms in each sheet are close packed and each ~Cr atom is surrounded by a distorted UNK of ~O atoms. The **f layers are stacked normal to the UNK axis with the lower oxygens of one layer directly above the upper oxygens of the neighboring lower UNK in such a manner that the repeat is every three UNK The separate layers are joined together by hydrogen bonds. A drawing of the structure is to be found in reference 6. The gross details of the structure appear reasonable. The structure appears to be unique among UNK UNK but is the same as that assumed by **f. The bond angles and distances are all within the expected limits and the volume per oxygen is about normal. However, the possible absence of a center of symmetry not only moves the hydrogen atom off **f, but also allows the oxygen atoms to become UNK with **f at **f and **f at **f UNK group UNK where **f represents the oxygens on one side of the **f layers and **f those on the other side. However, any oxygen UNK would UNK either the already extremely short **f UNK distance of UNK ~A or the UNK **f UNK interactions which are already quite short at UNK ~A. Hence it is difficult to conceive of a packing of the atoms in this material in which the oxygen atoms are far from UNK UNK The only effect of lack of a center would then be to release the hydrogen atoms to occupy general, rather than UNK positions along the UNK axis. If the **f bond is linear then there are three reasonable positions for the hydrogen UNK (1) The hydrogen atoms are centered and hence all lie on a sheet midway between the oxygen UNK (2) all hydrogen atoms lie on a UNK but the sheet is closer to one oxygen sheet than to the other; (3) hydrogen atoms are UNK UNK either UNK or in an ordered way, so that some hydrogen atoms are closer to the upper oxygen atoms while others are closer to the lower oxygen atoms. Position (2) appears to us to be unlikely in view of the absence of a piezoelectric effect and on general chemical structural grounds. A UNK of UNK and UNK is more likely than ordered UNK and UNK in position (3) since the hydrogen atoms are well separated and so the position of one could hardly affect the position of another, and also since ordered UNK and UNK implies a larger unit cell, for which no evidence exists. Therefore, the only unknown structural feature would appear to be whether the hydrogen atoms are located UNK (1) or UNK UNK #EXPERIMENTAL UNK UNK Douglass prepared his sample of **f by thermal decomposition of aqueous UNK acid at UNK Dr& Douglass was kind enough to lend us about 5 grams of his material. This material proved to be UNK since we could not obtain reproducible results on various portions of the UNK UNK we learned from Douglass that his sample contained a few percent **f UNK Since **f is UNK we felt that any results obtained from the UNK contaminated **f would be suspect. UNK suggested another preparation of **f which we used here. 500 ~ml of UNK aqueous **f with 1 ~g **f added are heated in a bomb at UNK for 48 hours. A very fine, gray solid (about 15 UNK is formed, UNK by UNK and dried at UNK UNK thermal analysis showed a very small UNK reaction at UNK and a large UNK reaction at UNK This latter reaction is in accord with the reported decomposition of **f. UNK analysis showed a weight loss of UNK centered at UNK and another weight loss of UNK at UNK The expected weight loss for **f going to **f and **f is UNK Mass UNK analysis of gases evolved upon heating to UNK indicated nitrogen UNK and water UNK The small reaction occurring at UNK is probably caused by decomposition of UNK UNK and perhaps by a small amount of some UNK material other than **f. All subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated to UNK for one hour. UNK spectra indicated **f calcium and all other impurities much lower. UNK analysis gave UNK ~Cr as compared with UNK theory. However, **f UNK water from the atmosphere and this may account for the low UNK analysis and high total weight loss. The x-ray diffraction pattern of the material, taken with UNK radiation, indicated the presence of no extra lines and was in good agreement with the pattern of UNK UNK analyses by R& G& UNK of this laboratory indicated no UNK UNK **f was found to be paramagnetic with three unpaired electron per UNK atom and a molecular UNK of **f, where **f. For exactly three unpaired electrons the UNK would be UNK An infrared spectrum, obtained by H& A& UNK and R& G& UNK of this UNK showed bands in the positions found by Jones. UNK microscopic examination of the **f sample showed it to be composed of nearly isotropic particles about UNK in diameter. The particles appeared rough and undoubtedly the UNK domains are smaller than this. The x-ray data are consistent with particle sizes of 1000 ~A or greater. We found no obvious effects due to preferred orientation of the UNK in this sample nor would we expect to on the basis of the shape found from electron microscopic examination. UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK The magnetic resonance absorption was detected by employing a UNK model **f broad line UNK and the associated UNK UNK system. One measurement at 40 ~Mc/sec was obtained with the UNK model **f unit. A UNK type of bridge was used in the UNK ~Mc/sec range. The UNK power level was maintained small enough at all times to prevent obvious line shape UNK by saturation effects. A modulation frequency of 40 UNK with an amplitude as small as possible, commensurate with reasonably good UNK quality, was used. UNK spectra were obtained in all cases. The UNK was adjusted to minimize the amount of dispersion mode mixed in with the absorption signal. A single value of the thermal relaxation time **f at room temperature was measured by the progressive saturation method. The value of **f estimated at UNK UNK was **f microseconds. A single measurement of the UNK relaxation time **f was obtained at 10 ~Mc/sec by pulse methods. This measurement was obtained by W& UNK of the University of California, UNK by observing the breadth of the free induction decay signal. The value derived was 16 microseconds. Field shifts were derived from the mean value of the resonance line, defined as the field about which the first moment is zero. Second moments of the spectra were computed by numerical integration. UNK were applied for modulation UNK apparatus background, and field UNK Spectra were obtained over the temperature range of UNK For the UNK measurements the sample was cooled by a cold nitrogen gas flow method similar to that of Andrew and UNK The temperature was maintained to within about **f for the period of time required to make the measurement UNK about one UNK One sample, which had been exposed to the atmosphere after evacuation at UNK showed the presence of adsorbed water (about 0.3 UNK UNK as evidenced by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared, due to UNK at low temperature. The data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed off at UNK which contain no adsorbed water. The measured powder density of the **f used here was about **f, approximately one-third that of the crystal density (**f). Such a density corresponds to a paramagnetic ion density of about **f. Spectra were obtained from a powdered sample having the shape of a right circular cylinder with a UNK ratio of UNK The top of the sample was nearly flat and the bottom UNK Spectra were also obtained from a sample in a spherical container which was made by blowing a bubble on the end of a capillary glass tube. The bubble was filled to the top and special precautions were taken to prevent any sample from remaining in the UNK Spectra were also obtained from a third sample of **f which had been diluted to three times its original volume with UNK UNK UNK (**f). This sample was contained in a cylindrical container similar to that described above. UNK gave renewed life to soap products at a time when UNK were a threat though expensive, and these same polyphosphates spelled the decline of soap usage when the UNK between polyphosphates and synthetic detergent actives was recognized and UNK The market today for detergent builders is quite UNK The best known field of application for builders is in UNK UNK detergent formulations for household use. These widely advertised products, which are used primarily for washing clothes, are based on UNK synthetic organic actives UNK UNK and contain up to 50% by weight of sodium UNK or a mixture of sodium UNK and UNK UNK In the household market, there are also UNK detergent formulations based on UNK actives with about the same amount of phosphate builder; UNK synthetic UNK with much less builder; and the UNK UNK powders as well as soap UNK and UNK none of which are now nationally UNK A UNK UNK which has achieved success only recently is the built liquid UNK with which the major problem today is UNK of builder and active into a small volume using a sufficiently high UNK UNK UNK cleaning in household application is represented by two classes of UNK UNK (1) the formulations made expressly for machine UNK and (2) the UNK cleaners used for walls and UNK The better quality products in both of these lines contain phosphate builders. In addition, many of the hard-surface cleaners used for walls and UNK had their UNK in UNK UNK which is still the major ingredient of a number of such products. Many UNK powders now also contain UNK These hard-surface cleaners are discussed in Chapter 28. #THE UNK PROCESS# UNK or detergent action is entirely a matter of surfaces. UNK cleaning involves an aqueous medium, a solid UNK soil to be removed, and the detergent or surface-active material. An oversimplified differentiation between UNK and hard-surface cleaning lies in the magnitude and kind of surface involved. One gram of cotton has been found to have a specific surface area of **f. In contrast, a metal UNK **f in size would have a magnitude from 100,000 to a million less. Even here there is room for some UNK for metal surfaces vary in UNK UNK capacity, and chemical reactivity. Spring used a Brush UNK in a UNK study and showed considerable differences in soil UNK depending upon surface UNK There are considerable differences between the requirements for textile and hard-surface UNK UNK of esthetic values, such as UNK or UNK level, perfume content, etc&, the requirements for the organic active used in washing textiles are high. No matter how they are UNK a large number of organic actives are simply not suitable for this application, since they do not give adequate soil removal. This is best demonstrated by practical washing tests in which cloth articles are repeatedly washed with the same detergent formulation. A good formulation will keep the clothes clean and white after many UNK whereas, with a poor UNK the clothes exhibit a build-up of UNK UNK and dirty UNK sometimes with bad results even after the first wash. Since practical washing procedures are both lengthy and expensive, a number of laboratory tests have been developed for the numerical evaluation of UNK Harris has indicated that two devices, the UNK and UNK are most widely used for rapid detergent testing, and he has listed the commercially available standard soiled fabrics. Also given are several laboratory wash procedures in general use. The soiled fabrics used for rapid testing of detergent formulations are made in such a way that only part of the soil is removed by even the best detergent formulation in a single wash. In this way, numerical values for the relative efficacy of various detergent formulations can be obtained by measuring the UNK UNK of the cloth UNK before and after washing. UNK UNK is evaluated by washing clean UNK with the dirty ones. As is the case with the surface-active agent, the requirements for builders to be used in detergent compositions for washing textiles are also high. Large numbers of potential builders have been investigated, but none have been found to be as effective as the polyphosphates over the relatively wide range of conditions met in practice. The problems of hard-surface cleaning are not nearly as complex. In hard-surface cleaning, the inorganic UNK are more important than the organic active. Indeed, when the proper inorganic constituents are UNK practically any wetting or surface-active agent will do a reasonably good job when present in sufficient amount in a hard-surface cleaning formulation. UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK are important inorganic ingredients of hard-surface UNK In addition, the polyphosphates are also used, probably acting more as UNK agents than anything else. The importance of the inorganic constituents in hard-surface cleaning has been emphasized in a number of papers. UNK UNK OF UNK Although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present, this section attempts to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or hard surfaces. The purpose of washing is, obviously, to remove soils which are arbitrarily UNK in the four major categories given below: _1._ UNK which is here defined as particulate material which is usually inorganic and is very often extremely finely divided so as to exhibit UNK properties. _2._ UNK soils, which are UNK by UNK and fats UNK of UNK with UNK organic UNK _3._ UNK which include the wide variety of UNK materials which give color even when present in very low concentration on the soiled object. _4._ UNK soils, which primarily include sticky substances and UNK liquids which UNK to leave a UNK The dirt on the soiled objects is mechanically held by surface irregularities to some extent. However, a major factor in binding dirt is the attraction between surfaces that goes under the name of van UNK UNK forces. This is a theoretically complicated dipole interaction which causes any extremely small uncharged particle to UNK with other small uncharged particles, or to stick to an uncharged surface. Obviously, if UNK particles bear charges of opposite sign or, if one kind is charged and the other kind is not, the attraction will be intensified and the tendency to UNK will be greatly UNK Likewise, a charged particle will tend to stick to an uncharged surface and UNK UNK and a charged particle will be very strongly attracted to a surface exhibiting an opposite charge. In addition, dirt particles can be held onto a soiled surface by sticky substances or by the surface tension of UNK including liquid UNK UNK UNK and miscellaneous soils are usually sorbed onto the soiled surface. In most cases, these soils are taken up as liquids through capillary action. In an essentially static system, an oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface unless the interfacial tensions of the water phase are reduced by a surface-active agent. The washing process whereby soils are removed consists basically of applying mechanical action to UNK the dirt particles and dried matter in the presence of water which helps to UNK off the debris and UNK to some extent, as a UNK and UNK agent. UNK soils are hardly removed by washing in plain water; and natural waters, in addition, often contain impurities such as calcium UNK which can react with soils to make them more difficult to UNK Therefore, UNK are used. The detergent active is that substance which primarily acts to remove greasy UNK The other constituents in a built detergent assist in this and in the removal of dirty stains and the UNK sticky or dried UNK As is well known, detergent actives belong to the chemical class consisting of moderately high molecular weight and highly polar molecules which exhibit the property of forming micelles in solution. UNK investigations of anionic UNK including the UNK have shown that there is little polymerization or agglomeration of the chain UNK below a certain region of concentration called the critical micelle UNK (1) Below the critical micelle concentration, UNK and some UNK are present. (2) In the critical micelle region, there is a rapid agglomeration or polymerization to give the UNK which have a degree of polymerization averaging around UNK (3) For UNK these micelles appear to be roughly spherical UNK in which the UNK UNK come together so that the polar groups (the UNK UNK face outward towards the aqueous continuous phase. Obviously UNK UNK substances such as UNK oils, or particles having a greasy or oily surface are more at home in the center of a micelle than in the aqueous phase. UNK can UNK and hold a considerable amount of UNK substances so that the micelle volume may be increased as much as approximately UNK Although the matter has not been unequivocally demonstrated, the available data show that micelles in themselves do not contribute significantly to the UNK process. Related to micelle formation is the UNK important ability of detergent actives to UNK at UNK interfaces in such a manner that the polar (or UNK end of the molecule is directed towards the aqueous phase and the UNK chain towards the oily phase. In the cleaning process, sorbed greasy soils become coated in this manner with an oriented film of UNK Then during washing, the greasy soil rolls back at the edges so that UNK droplets can UNK themselves from the sorbed oil mass, with the aid of mechanical action, and enter the aqueous phase. Obviously, a substance which is permanently or temporarily sorbed on the surface in place of the soil will tend to accelerate this process and effectively push off the greasy soil. UNK other than detergent actives also tend to be strongly sorbed from aqueous media onto surfaces of other UNK condensed UNK This is particularly true of highly charged ions, especially those ions which fall into the class of UNK Whereas the usual organic surface-active agent is strongly sorbed at UNK UNK the highly charged ions are most strongly sorbed at interfaces between water and insoluble materials exhibiting an ionic structure (see Table UNK on p& UNK Thus, for aqueous UNK we can think of the idealized organic active as an UNK or UNK surface-active agent, and of an idealized builder as a UNK or UNK surface-active agent. From the equilibrium UNK data which are available, it seems logical to expect that UNK ions would be strongly sorbed on the surface of the dirt UNK clay UNK so as to give it a greatly increased negative charge. The charged particles then repel each other and are also repelled from the charged surface, which almost invariably bears a negative charge under washing conditions. The UNK charged dirt particles then leave the surface and go into the aqueous phase. This hypothesis is evolved in analogy to the demonstrated action of organic actives in UNK It does not consider the kinetic effects of the phosphate builders on UNK phenomena which will be discussed later (see pp& UNK The crude picture of the UNK process thus far developed can be represented as: **f The influence of mechanical action on the particles of free soil may be compared to that of kinetic energy on a molecular scale. UNK soil must be dispersed and protected against UNK UNK cloth must be protected against the UNK of dispersed soil. It is evident that the requirements imposed by these effects upon any one detergent constituent acting alone are UNK Upon consideration of the variety of soils and fabrics normally encountered in the washing process, it is little wonder that the use of a number of detergent constituents having UNK properties has gained widespread acceptance. In the over-all process, it is difficult to assign a "pure" role to each constituent of a UNK UNK and, indeed, there is no more reason to separate the interrelated roles of the active, builder, UNK agent, UNK than there is to assign individual actions to each of the numerous UNK making up a given commercial organic active. ## The thermal exchange of chlorine between **f and liquid **f is readily measurable at temperatures in the range of UNK and above. The photochemical exchange occurs with a quantum yield of the order of unity in the liquid phase at UNK using light absorbed only by the **f. In the gas phase, with **f of **f and **f of **f, quantum yields of the order of **f have been observed at UNK Despite extensive attempts to obtain highly pure UNK serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction. It appears possible to set a lower limit of about **f for the activation energy of the abstraction of a chlorine atom from a carbon tetrachloride molecule by a chlorine atom to form **f UNK The rate of the gas phase exchange reaction appears to be proportional to the first power of the absorbed light intensity indicating that the radical UNK are removed at the walls or by reaction with an UNK rather than by UNK radical combination reactions. #INTRODUCTION# Because of the simplicity of the UNK UNK exchange reactions between elemental UNK and the corresponding carbon UNK would appear to offer particularly fruitful possibilities for obtaining unambiguous basic kinetic data. It would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free UNK as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the UNK UNK The reaction of chlorine with carbon tetrachloride seemed particularly suited for such studies. It should be possible to prepare very pure chlorine by oxidation of inorganic UNK on a vacuum system followed by multiple UNK of the UNK It should be possible to free carbon tetrachloride of any interfering substances by the usual purification methods followed by UNK prior to addition of radioactive UNK Furthermore, the exchange would not be expected to be sensitive to trace amounts of impurities because it would not be apt to be a chain reaction since the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine by a chlorine atom would be expected to be too UNK also it would be expected that **f would compete very effectively with any impurities as a UNK for **f UNK Contrary to these expectations we have found it impossible to obtain the degree of UNK one would wish, even with extensive efforts to prepare especially pure UNK We are reporting these investigations here briefly because of their UNK to problems of the study of apparently simple exchange reactions of chlorine and because the results furnish some information on the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine atoms from carbon tetrachloride. UNK UNK UNK highest purity tank chlorine was passed through a tube of UNK **f into an evacuated Pyrex system where it was condensed with liquid air. It was then distilled at least three times from a trap at -78` to a liquid air trap with only a small middle fraction being retained in each UNK The purified product was stored at -78` in a tube equipped with a break seal. Of several methods employed for UNK chlorine with UNK the exchange of inactive chlorine with tagged aluminum chloride at room temperature was found to be the most satisfactory. To prepare the latter, silver chloride was precipitated from a solution containing **f obtained from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. The silver chloride was fused under vacuum in the presence of aluminum UNK with the resultant product of **f which was UNK into a flask on the vacuum line. UNK purified chlorine was subsequently admitted and the exchange was allowed to take place. The UNK was stored at -78` in a tube equipped with a break seal. UNK quantities of UNK low UNK UNK grade carbon tetrachloride were saturated with **f and **f and illuminated for about 50 hours with a 1000 UNK tungsten lamp at a distance of a few inches. The mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a UNK column, a 25% center cut being retained which was then UNK under vacuum in the presence of **f. UNK inactive chlorine was then added from one of the tubes described above and the mixture frozen out and sealed off in a flask equipped with a break seal. This UNK tetrachloride solution was illuminated for a day following which the flask was UNK onto a vacuum system and the excess chlorine distilled off. The required amount of carbon tetrachloride was distilled into a series of reaction cells on a manifold on a vacuum line. The desired amounts of inactive chlorine and radioactive chlorine were likewise condensed in these cells on the vacuum line following which they were frozen down and the manifold as a whole was sealed off. The contents of the manifold for liquid phase experiments were then mixed by UNK UNK to the reaction UNK frozen down, and each tube was then sealed off. The reactants for the gas phase experiments were first frozen out in a UNK attached to the manifold and then allowed to UNK slowly into the manifold of UNK reaction cells before UNK off. This method in general solved the problem of obtaining fairly equal concentrations of reactants in each of the six cells from a set. UNK UNK AND UNK The samples for liquid phase thermal reaction studies were prepared in Pyrex capillary tubing 2.5 mm& i&d& and about 15 cm& long. In a few experiments the tubes were made from standard 6 mm& i&d& Pyrex tubing of 1 mm& wall thickness. Both types of tube withstood the pressure of approximately 20 atmospheres exerted by the carbon tetrachloride at UNK The photochemical reaction cells consisted of 10 mm& i&d& Pyrex UNK 5.5 cm& long, diffraction effects being minimized by the fact that the light passed through only UNK interfaces and not UNK UNK These cells were used rather than square Pyrex tubing because of the tendency of the latter to UNK when UNK frozen carbon tetrachloride. The round cells were UNK UNK in the light beam which entered the UNK mineral UNK through a window. Two types of light source were used, a thousand UNK projection lamp and an UNK high pressure mercury arc. The light was filtered by the soft glass window of the thermostat thus UNK that only light absorbed by the chlorine and not by the carbon tetrachloride could enter the reaction cell. UNK incident light intensities were measured with a UNK UNK system. Changes of intensity on the cell were achieved by use of a wire screen and by varying the distance of the light source from the cell. Following reaction the cells were scratched with a file and opened under a 20% aqueous sodium iodide solution. UNK **f was added and the aqueous and organic phases were separated UNK containing UNK reactants were immersed in liquid air before opening under sodium UNK After UNK of the liberated **f with **f, UNK of the aqueous and of the organic phase were counted in a UNK UNK tube. In the liquid phase runs the amount of carbon tetrachloride in each reaction tube was determined by weighing the tube before opening and weighing the fragments after UNK The fraction of exchange was determined as the ratio of the UNK observed in the carbon tetrachloride to the UNK calculated for the carbon tetrachloride fractions for equilibrium distribution of the activity between the chlorine and carbon UNK empirically determined UNK being made for the difference in counting efficiency of **f in **f and **f. #RESULTS# _THE UNK UNK In studying the liquid phase thermal UNK some 70 tubes from 12 different manifold UNK were prepared and analyzed. Experiments were done at UNK UNK UNK UNK Following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per UNK a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the UNK to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction UNK In addition to the method described in the section above, chlorine and UNK were prepared by the UNK of a **f UNK on the vacuum line, and by exchange of **f with UNK **f. UNK UNK was substituted for **f as a drying agent for carbon tetrachloride. No correlation between these variables and the UNK of the results was found. The reaction rates observed at UNK ranged from **f of the chlorine exchanged per hour to UNK exchanged per hour. In most cases the chlorine concentration was about **f. UNK of reaction tubes containing 0.2 of an atmosphere of added oxygen in one case and added moisture in another, both gave reaction rates in the range of 0.1 to 0.4 of the chlorine exchanged per hour. No detectable reaction was found at room temperature for reaction mixtures allowed to stand up to 5 hours. _THE UNK UNK UNK UNK The liquid phase photochemical exchange between chlorine and carbon tetrachloride was more reproducible than the thermal exchange, although still UNK The improvement was most noticeable in the greater consistency among reaction cells prepared as a group on the same UNK Rather large differences were still found between reaction cells from different manifold UNK Some 80 reaction tubes from 13 manifold UNK were illuminated in the temperature range from 40 to UNK in a further endeavor to determine the cause of the UNK and to obtain information on the activation energy and the effect of light intensity. In all cases there was readily measurable exchange after as little as one hour of UNK By comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature UNK corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 **f was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases. It was possible to make estimates of the quantum yield by observing the extent of reduction of a UNK UNK UNK solution illuminated for a known time in a typical reaction cell and making appropriate conversions based on the differences in the absorption spectra of UNK UNK and of UNK and considering the spectral distribution of the light source. These estimates indicated that the quantum yield for the exchange of chlorine with liquid carbon tetrachloride at UNK is of the order of magnitude of unity. When typical reaction cells to which 0.3 of an atmosphere of oxygen had been added were UNK chlorine and UNK were UNK Exchange was also observed in these cells, which had chlorine present at **f. _THE UNK UNK IN THE UNK UNK Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects, the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate. Data on such comparisons together with data on the effect of light intensity are given in Table UNK In series /1, the relative light intensity was varied by varying the distance of the lamp from the reaction cell over the range from UNK to UNK UNK The last column shows the rate of exchange that would have been UNK at a relative intensity of 4 UNK cm& UNK calculated on the assumptions that the incident light intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the rate is directly proportional to the incident light intensity. Direct UNK of the rate to the incident intensity has also been assumed in obtaining the value in the last column for the fourth sample of series /2, where the light intensity was reduced by use of a screen. The Poynting-Robertson effect UNK UNK UNK and Whipple, UNK which is a retardation of the UNK motion of particles by the relativistic UNK of the repulsive force of the impinging solar radiation, causes the dust to spiral into the sun in times much shorter than the age of the Earth. The radial velocity varies inversely as the particle UNK a UNK particle near the orbit of Mars would reach the sun in about 60 million years. Whipple (1955) extends the effects to include the UNK pressure, which increases both the minimum particle size and the UNK Further, the UNK radiation, UNK the UNK UNK must UNK away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow UNK in size, with a resultant increase in both the Poynting-Robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force. The Poynting-Robertson effect causes the UNK axis of orbits to UNK more rapidly than the UNK axis, with a consequent tendency toward circular orbits as the particles move toward the sun. Also, planetary gravitational attraction increases the dust concentration near the plane of the ecliptic as the sun is approached. At one astronomical unit from the sun (the Earth's UNK the dust orbits are probably nearly circular. If such is the case, the particles within a distance of about **f UNK of the Earth will have, relative to the Earth, a kinetic energy less than their potential energy and they will be captured into orbits about the Earth. De UNK (1955) has calculated the times required for these particles to reach the atmosphere under the influence of the Poynting-Robertson effect, which in this case causes the orbits to become more and more eccentric without changing the UNK axis. This effect can give rise to a blanket of micrometeorites around the Earth. Since there is a continual loss of UNK material in space because of the radiation effects, there must be a continual UNK otherwise, micrometeorites would have disappeared from interplanetary space. There are several possible sources. According to Whipple (1955), UNK debris is sufficient to replenish the material UNK into the sun, maintaining a fairly steady state. UNK UNK are also thought to contribute material. It is also possible that some of the dust in the vicinity of the Earth originated from meteoritic impacts upon the moon. UNK UNK UNK OF UNK UNK One cannot make a very satisfactory guess about the micrometeorite flux in space. Even in the neighborhood of the Earth, where information has been obtained both directly and UNK the derived flux values vary by at least four orders of magnitude. This large discrepancy demonstrates the UNK of the experimental methods and the lack of understanding of the various phenomena involved. Beyond a few million kilometers from the Earth, but still in the region of the Earth's orbit, a prediction of the flux of dust is even more UNK At greater distances from the sun, the situation is still less UNK There are several sources of evidence on the micrometeorite environment. Direct information has been obtained from rockets and satellites equipped with impact UNK In addition, the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of UNK may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite UNK From the brightness of the ~F component of the solar UNK and the brightness of the UNK light, an estimate of the particle UNK UNK and spatial distribution can be derived for regions of space near the ecliptic plane. Another important source of evidence only recently receiving much attention is the analysis of atmospheric dust for a meteoritic UNK The cores of UNK sediments and content of collectors in remote regions are valuable in this category. The data provide a measure of the total mass of cosmic material incident upon the Earth. The direct evidence on the micrometeorite environment near the Earth is obtained from piezoelectric sensors UNK UNK and from wire UNK these instruments are installed on UNK UNK and space UNK UNK the most significant data have been collected from the sensors on 1958 Alpha UNK UNK 1958 Delta 2 UNK UNK and 1959 Eta UNK UNK These vehicles, with large sensitive areas, have collected data for long enough times to give reliable impact rates for the periods of exposure. Many other vehicles with smaller UNK UNK products contribute some information. The impact rate on 1958 Alpha for UNK events was **f for particles of mass greater than **f UNK UNK this mass threshold was derived from the UNK calibration and an assumed impact velocity of **f. The data show daily and diurnal variations. UNK per cent of the UNK recorded impacts occurred between midnight and UNK and from day to day the variation of the rate was as much as an order of magnitude. One may conclude that most of the detected UNK material is concentrated in UNK streams which intersect the Earth's orbit. There have been UNK reports from 1958 Delta 2, and the data quoted here are believed to be the more UNK On May 15, a very large increase occurred with **f of mass between **f and **f; for the next two days, the impact rate was **f; and for the next nine days, the impact rate was less than **f UNK 1960). The data for the first day indicate a meteor stream with a very high concentration of particles and may have led to the high estimates of micrometeorite UNK Preliminary data from 1959 Eta give an average impact rate of **f for masses larger than **f for about 1000 events in a UNK period UNK and UNK 1960). The day-to-day rate varied by less than a factor of UNK The data have not yet been analyzed for diurnal variations. Note that the mass threshold is four times that of 1958 Alpha and that the flux is one fifth as large. If one assumes that the average flux did not change between measurements, a UNK curve is obtained which relates the flux of particles larger than a given radius to the inverse UNK power of the UNK Space UNK have yielded little information. UNK /1, recorded a decrease in flux with distance from the Earth on the basis of 11 counts in 9 hours. With UNK sensitive to three mass intervals and based on a few UNK the second and third Russian space UNK indicate that the flux of the smallest particles detected is less than that of larger ones. Being based on so few events, these results are of dubious UNK The calibration of piezoelectric sensors in terms of the particle parameters is very UNK Many workers believe that the response is proportional to the incident momentum of the particles, a relation deduced from laboratory results linearly extrapolated to meteoritic velocities. However, one must expect that UNK and UNK of material by UNK impacts would cause a deviation from a linear relationship. In the United States, most of the sensors are UNK by dropping small UNK on their sensitive surfaces. The Russian experimenters claim that only a small fraction of the impulse from the sensors is caused by the incident momentum with the remainder being momentum of UNK material from the UNK This UNK momentum is linearly related to the particle energy. They quote about the same mass threshold as that of the U&S& apparatus, but a momentum threshold about 40 times greater. There is a difference in the experimental arrangement, in that the U&S& UNK are attached directly to the vehicle skin while the Russian instruments are isolated from the UNK The threshold mass is derived from the momentum threshold with the assumption of a mean impact velocity of **f in the U&S& work and **f in the UNK work. The threshold mass of about **f corresponds to a UNK sphere of density **f. However, the conversion from mass to size is UNK since many photographic UNK give evidence of a UNK loosely bound UNK structure with UNK as low as **f. To what extent such low density applies to micrometeorites is unknown. The velocity value used is also open to some UNK if a substantial fraction of the dust is UNK about the Earth, only about one third the UNK average velocity should be used in deriving the mass. UNK light and the UNK give some evidence for such a dust UNK a phenomenon also to be expected if the dust before capture is in circular orbits about the sun, as indicated by the trend of the smaller visible UNK The diurnal variation in the observed flux may be partly due to the dependence of the UNK sensitivity on the incident UNK The flux of micrometeorites in the neighborhood of the Earth can be estimated by extrapolation from radar and visual meteor data. A summary of UNK data, prepared by Whipple (1958) on the basis of UNK UNK and radar evidence, is given in Table UNK From an estimated mass of 25 ~g for a UNK UNK the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of UNK for each unit increase in magnitude. The radius is calculated from the mass by assuming UNK of density **f except for the smallest particles, which must have a higher mass density to remain in the solar system in the presence of UNK pressure. The flux values are for all particles with masses greater than the given mass and are based on an estimate of the numbers of visual UNK It is assumed that the flux values increase by a factor of UNK per magnitude, in accordance with the opinion that the total mass flux in each unit range in magnitude is constant. The values agree with the data from 1958 Alpha and 1959 UNK The figures in the UNK column are derived with the assumption of 50 per cent shielding by the UNK hence, these figures apply immediately above the Earth's atmosphere. The UNK flux is given in the last UNK these figures constitute the best estimate for the flux in interplanetary space near the Earth. Of course, if there is a dust blanket around the Earth, the fluxes in interplanetary space should be less than the figures given here. Note that the mass scale is one to two orders of magnitude greater than some previously used; for example, UNK UNK derived a scale of UNK ~g for a **f, UNK UNK The older scales were based on theoretical estimates of the conversion efficiency of kinetic energy into light. The mass scale used in Table UNK was derived on the assumption that the motion of the glowing trail is related to the momentum transfer to the trail by the UNK permitting the calculation of the mass if the velocity is known UNK and Whipple, 1958). A concentration distribution has been derived from radar observations sensitive to the fifteenth magnitude UNK and UNK 1959). UNK of this relationship through the UNK magnitude covers the range of UNK The approximate equation is **f, where ~<n> is the number of **f with electron UNK greater than or equal to **f, and ~<q> is proportional to the mass of the UNK Therefore, ~<n> is inversely proportional to the radius UNK and in fair agreement with the inverse UNK power derived from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta data. At the fifteenth magnitude, **f, and at the UNK magnitude, **f. These extrapolated fluxes are about an order of magnitude less than the values from the satellite data and the figures in UNK table. The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons. The UNK data determining the concentration distribution have a range of error which is magnified in the extension into the micrometeorite region. The UNK and UNK pressure and the associated Poynting-Robertson effect increase in effectiveness as the particle size decreases and modify the distribution and limit sizes to larger than a few UNK Also, it has been suggested that the source of all or part of the dust may not be the same as that for visual or radar meteorites UNK 1960), and the same distribution would not be expected. UNK UNK UNK OF UNK UNK A measure of the total mass accretion of meteoritic material by the Earth is obtained from analyses of UNK sediments and dust collected in remote regions UNK 1960). Most meteoritic material, by the time it reaches the Earth's surface, has been reduced to dust or to UNK of UNK material in its passage through the atmosphere. For all UNK the average nickel content is about 2.5 per cent. This is much higher than the nickel content of terrestrial UNK and sediments and provides a basis for the determination of the meteoritic mass UNK Present data indicate an accretion of about **f tons per year over the entire globe, or about **f. UNK UNK Biological warfare is the intentional use of living microorganisms or their toxic products for the purpose of destroying or reducing the military effectiveness of man. It is the exploitation of the inherent potential of infectious disease agents by scientific research and development, resulting in the production of ~BW weapons systems. Man may also be injured secondarily by damage to his food crops or domestic animals. Biological warfare is considered to be primarily a strategic weapon. The major reason for this is that it has no UNK effect. The incubation period of infectious disease, plus a variable period of illness even before a UNK effect, render this weapon unsuitable for UNK encounter. A man can be an effective fighting machine throughout the incubation period of most infectious diseases. Thus, an enemy would probably use this weapon for attack on static population centers such as large cities. An important operational procedure in ~BW for an enemy would be to create an UNK or cloud of agent over the target area. This concept has stimulated much basic research concerning the behavior of particulate biological materials, the UNK of respiratory UNK the medical management of such diseases and defense against their occurrence. The biological and physical properties of infectious particles have been studied UNK during the past fifteen years. Much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics. Much information has been gathered relative to quantitative sampling and UNK techniques. Much of the older experimental work on respiratory infections was accomplished by very artificial procedures. The UNK UNK of a fluid suspension of infectious agent in an UNK animal is far different from exposure, through natural UNK to UNK UNK The importance of particle size in such aerosols has been thoroughly demonstrated. The natural anatomical and physiological defensive features of the upper respiratory UNK such as the UNK of the nose and the UNK of the UNK and larger UNK are capable of impinging out the larger particles to which we are ordinarily exposed in our daily existence. Very small particles, however, in a size range of 1 to 4 UNK in diameter are capable of passing these impinging barriers and entering the alveolar bed of the UNK This area is highly susceptible to UNK The entrance and retention of infectious particles in the UNK amounts almost to an UNK UNK The relationship between particle size and infectious dose is illustrated in Table 1. In considering ~BW defense, it must be recognized that a number of critical UNK parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect. For example, bright sunlight is rapidly destructive for living microorganisms suspended in air. There are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when UNK UNK or UNK meteorological conditions are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface. It will rise during lapse conditions. There are, of course, certain times during the UNK daily cycle when most of these conditions will be met. Certain other properties of small particles, in addition to those already mentioned in connection with penetration of the respiratory UNK are noteworthy in defense UNK The smaller the particle the further it will travel UNK before settling out. An aerosol of such small UNK moreover, UNK through structures in much the same manner as a gas. There may be a number of secondary effects resulting from diffusion through buildings such as widespread contamination of kitchens, restaurants, food stores, UNK etc&. UNK on the UNK there may be multiplication in some food or beverage products, i&e&, in milk for example. The secondary consequences from this could be very serious and must be taken into consideration in planning for defense. Something of the behavior of clouds of small particles can be illustrated by the following field UNK In the first trial an UNK substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological conditions. UNK UNK UNK in particles of 2 UNK in size were UNK This material UNK under ultraviolet light which UNK its sampling and UNK Four hundred and fifty pounds was disseminated while the ship was traveling a distance of UNK miles. Figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial. The particles traveled a maximum detected distance of some 450 miles. From these dosage UNK it can be seen that an area of over UNK square miles was covered. These dosages could have been increased by increasing the source strength which was small in this case. The behavior of a biological UNK on a much smaller scale, is illustrated by a specific field trial conducted with a UNK UNK An aqueous suspension of the UNK of UNK UNK UNK UNK generally known as UNK UNK was UNK using commercially available UNK A satisfactory cloud was produced even though these UNK were only about 5 per cent efficient in producing an initial cloud in the size range of 1 to 5 UNK In this test, 130 gallons of a UNK having a count of **f organisms per UNK or a total of approximately **f UNK was UNK The spraying operation was conducted from the rear deck of a small Naval UNK cruising two miles UNK and vertical to an UNK UNK UNK continued along a UNK course. This operation was started at UNK p&m& and lasted for 29 minutes. There was a slight lapse condition, a moderate fog, and 100 per cent relative UNK A network of sampling stations had been set up on shore. These were located at the homes of Government employees, in Government UNK buildings and reservations within the trial area. A rough attempt was made to characterize the vertical profile of the cloud by taking samples from outside the windows on the first, UNK and fifteenth floors of a Government office building. All UNK were operated for a period of two hours except one, which was operated for four hours. In this instance, there was a dosage of UNK during the first two hours and a total dosage of UNK for the four-hour period, a UNK increase. This suggests that the sampling period, particularly at the more distant locations, should have been increased. As can be seen from Figure 2, an extensive area was covered by this UNK The maximum distance sampled was 23 miles from the source. As can be seen from these dosage UNK approximately 100 square miles was covered within the area UNK It is quite likely that an even greater area was covered, particularly UNK The dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were: **f This was not, of course, enough sampling to give a satisfactory description of the vertical diffusion of the UNK A number of unique medical problems might be created when man is exposed to an infectious agent through the respiratory route rather than by the natural UNK of entry. Some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural UNK UNK UNK for example, is several UNK more toxic by this route than when given per UNK In some instances a different clinical disease picture may result from this route of exposure, making diagnosis difficult. In UNK produced by aerosol exposure, one would not expect to find the classical UNK of UNK UNK on a UNK An enemy would obviously choose an agent that is believed to be highly UNK UNK that are known to cause frequent infections among laboratory workers such as those causing UNK fever, UNK UNK UNK UNK etc&, belong in this category. An agent would likely be selected which would possess sufficient viability and UNK stability to meet realistic minimal UNK requirements. It is, obviously, a proper goal of research to improve on this property. In this connection it should be capable of being disseminated without excessive destruction. Moreover, it should not be so UNK in its growth requirements as to make production on a UNK significant scale UNK An UNK would use an agent against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population. A solid immunity is the one effective circumstance whereby attack by a specific agent can be UNK It must be remembered, however, that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or UNK immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent. There is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made. An enemy might choose an acutely UNK UNK a chronic disease producer or one causing a high rate of UNK It is possible that certain UNK forms may be produced such as UNK resistant strains. UNK may also be developed with changes in biochemical properties that are of importance in identification. All of these considerations are of critical importance in considering defense and medical management. Biological agents are, of course, highly UNK They do not destroy physical structures as is true of high UNK This may be of UNK importance in considering military objectives. The question of epidemic disease merits some discussion. Only a limited effort has been devoted to this problem. Some of those who question the value of ~BW have assumed that the <only> potential would be in the establishment of UNK They then point out that with our present lack of knowledge of all the factors concerned in the rise and fall of UNK it is unlikely that a planned episode could be UNK They argue further (and somewhat UNK that our knowledge and resources in preventive medicine would make it possible to control such an UNK of disease. this is why this approach to ~BW defense has not been given major attention. Our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an initial attack on a target. This, of course, does not eliminate from consideration for this purpose agents that are associated naturally with epidemic disease. A hypothetical example will illustrate this point. Let us assume that it would be possible for an enemy to create an aerosol of the UNK agent of epidemic UNK UNK UNK over City ~A and that a large number of cases of UNK fever resulted UNK No epidemic was initiated nor was one expected because the population in City ~A was not UNK UNK is a UNK for epidemic UNK In this case, then, the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic agent solely through the results secured in the initial attack. This was done with full knowledge that there would be no epidemic. On the other hand, a similar attack might have been made on City ~B whose population was known to be UNK One might expect some spread of the disease in this case resulting in increased effectiveness of the attack. The major defensive problems are concerned with the possibility of overt military delivery of biological agents from appropriate UNK devices. It should be no more difficult to deliver such devices than other weapons. The same delivery UNK whether they be airplanes, submarines or guided UNK should be UNK If it is possible for an enemy to put an atomic bomb on a city, it should be equally possible to put a cloud of biological agent over that city. Biological agents are, moreover, suitable for delivery through enemy UNK which imposes many problems in defense. A few obvious target areas of great importance might be mentioned. The air conditioning and UNK systems of large buildings are subject to attack. America is rapidly becoming a nation that uses UNK UNK and even UNK foods. This is an enormous industry that is subject to UNK One must include the preparation of soft drinks and the processing of milk and milk products. UNK industries are involved also in the production of biological products, drugs and UNK which are liable to this type of attack. A variety of techniques have been directed toward the isolation and study of blood group UNK These include UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and column chromatography on ion exchange UNK UNK of the last technique have been applied by several groups of UNK UNK and Rawson, using a stepwise elution scheme, fractionated whole sera containing ~ABO and ~Rh antibodies on UNK UNK cellulose and UNK UNK UNK and UNK in a similar study of blood group antibodies of whole sera, used a series of gradients for elution from UNK UNK and Morrison used a single, continuous gradient at constant ~pH for the UNK of anti-~A and anti-~B UNK from UNK UNK samples. In the present work whole sera have been fractionated by chromatography on ~DEAE-cellulose using single gradients similar to those described by Sober and Peterson, and certain chemical and UNK properties of the fractions containing antibodies of the ~ABO and ~Rh systems have been described. UNK AND METHODS# UNK UNK samples were obtained from normal group ~A, group ~B and group ~O UNK Three of the UNK sera used were taken from recently UNK individuals. One contained complete antibody and had a titer of UNK in saline. The second contained incomplete antibody and showed titers of 1:256 in albumin and UNK by the indirect Coombs test. The third, containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete UNK had titers of 1:256 in saline, UNK in albumin and UNK by the indirect Coombs test. In addition one serum was obtained from a donor (R& UNK who had been UNK 6 years previously. This serum exhibited titers of UNK in albumin and 1:256 by the indirect Coombs test. These antibody titers were determined by reaction with homozygous **f red cells. UNK UNK UNK and anti-~B activities were determined in fractions from the sera of group ~A, group ~B or group ~O UNK by the following tube UNK methods. One drop of each sample was added to one drop of a 2% suspension of group **f or group ~B red cells in a small **f test tube. In several instances group ~O cells were also used as controls. The red cells were used within 2 days after UNK and were washed with large amounts of saline before use. The mixtures of sample plus cell suspension were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 UNK the tubes were then centrifuged at 1000 ~rpm for 1 ~min and examined UNK for UNK For the albumin method, equal volumes of 30% UNK UNK sample and 2% cells suspended in saline were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 ~hr and then were centrifuged at 1000 ~rpm for 1 UNK All samples were tested by both the saline and albumin methods. The activities of fractions of sera containing ~Rh antibodies were tested by the saline, albumin and indirect Coombs techniques. UNK and UNK **f cells, **f and homozygous and UNK **f cells were used to test each UNK however, in the interest of clarity and UNK only the results obtained with homozygous **f and homozygous **f cells will be presented here. The saline and albumin tests were performed as described for the ~ABO samples except that the mixture was UNK for 1 ~hr at UNK before UNK The saline tubes were saved and used for the indirect Coombs test in the following manner. The cells were washed three times with saline, UNK serum was added, the cells were UNK and the mixture was centrifuged at 1000 ~rpm for 1 ~min and examined for UNK The UNK sera used were prepared by injecting whole human serum into UNK Those UNK shown by UNK to be of the UNK UNK type were selected for used in the present study. The red cells for the ~Rh antibody tests were used within 3 days after drawing except for the **f cells, which had been UNK and stored at UNK for approximately 1 year. These cells were thawed at UNK for 30 ~min and were UNK by alternately UNK and mixing with descending concentrations of UNK solutions UNK 18, 10, 8, 4 and UNK The cells were then washed three times with saline and UNK to 2% in saline. UNK Blood samples were allowed to UNK at room temperature for 3 ~hr, centrifuged and the serum was removed. The serum was measured UNK and subsequently dialyzed in the cold for at least 24 ~hr against three to four changes, approximately UNK ~ml each, of UNK UNK This buffer, ~pH UNK was UNK ~M in **f and UNK ~M in UNK UNK After dialysis the sample was centrifuged and the UNK placed on a **f ~cm column of UNK UNK with starting UNK The UNK containing UNK UNK of UNK was prepared in our laboratory by the method of Peterson and Sober (7) from powdered UNK UNK UNK The small amount of insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis was suspended in approximately 5 ~ml of starting buffer, UNK UNK in 2.5 ~ml of isotonic saline and tested for antibody activity. The chromatography was done at UNK using gradient UNK essentially according to Sober and UNK The deep concave gradient employed (fig& 2) was obtained with a UNK gradient elution device UNK reference UNK and has been described elsewhere. the other, a shallow concave gradient (Fig& 1), was produced with a so-called UNK apparatus, the UNK being a UNK UNK flask and the UNK a UNK UNK UNK Each initially contained UNK ~ml of UNK in the sphere was starting buffer and in the cone was final buffer, UNK ~M in both **f and UNK ~pH UNK A flow rate of 72 **f was used and 12 ~ml fractions were UNK Approximately UNK fractions were obtained from each column. These were read at 280 UNK in a UNK model UNK UNK and tested for antibody activity as described above. UNK UNK For protein UNK fractions from the column were concentrated by UNK against a stream of air at UNK or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which permitted simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against isotonic saline. During the latter procedure the temperature was maintained at UNK by surrounding the apparatus with ice. Because negative pressure dialysis gave better recovery of proteins, permitted detection of proteins concentrated from very UNK solutions and was a UNK procedure, it was used in all but the earliest experiments. Paper electrophoresis was carried out on the concentrated samples in a Spinco model ~R cell using UNK buffer, ~pH UNK ionic strength UNK at room temperature on UNK UNK filter paper. Five UNK were applied for 18 ~hr, after which the strips were stained with UNK blue and UNK was carried out using a Spinco UNK When paper electrophoresis was to be used for preparation, eight strips of a whole serum sample or a chromatographic fraction concentrated by negative pressure dialysis were UNK under the conditions described above. At the end of the run, the strips in the third and sixth positions in each chamber were dried, stained for 1 ~hr, washed and dried, while the other strips were maintained in a horizontal position at UNK The UNK strips were then UNK using the stained ones as a guide, and cut UNK so as to separate the various protein UNK The strip sections containing a given protein were UNK UNK with 0.5 ~ml of isotonic saline, and the UNK were tested for antibody activity. UNK UNK from the column which were to be subjected to analytical UNK were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis and dialyzed for 16 ~hr in the cold against at least 500 volumes of UNK saline, ~pH UNK ionic strength UNK They were then centrifuged at UNK ~rpm for 35 to 80 ~min at UNK in a Spinco model ~E ultracentrifuge at a protein concentration of UNK to UNK UNK coefficients were computed as **f values and relative amounts of the various components were calculated from the UNK patterns. For preparative UNK fractions from the column were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis to volumes of 1 ~ml or less, transferred to cellulose tubes and diluted to 12 ~ml with isotonic saline. UNK was then carried out in a Spinco model UNK ultracentrifuge at 40,000 ~rpm for UNK to 150 UNK refrigeration being used throughout the run. UNK UNK fractions were then drawn off with a UNK UNK starting at the top of the UNK and tested for agglutinin activity. Other methods will be described below. #EXPERIMENTAL AND UNK The insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis against starting buffer always showed intense agglutinin activity, regardless of the blood group of the UNK With either of the gradients described, chromatography on ~DEAE-cellulose separated UNK of the ~ABO series into at least three regions (Figs& 1 and UNK one of extremely low anionic binding capacity, one of low anionic binding capacity and one of high anionic binding capacity. These have been labeled Regions 1, 2, and 4, respectively, in Fig& 1. When the early part of the gradient was UNK either by using the gradient shown in Fig& 2 or by allowing the UNK gradient to become established more slowly, UNK 2 activity could sometimes be separated into two areas UNK P& J& and R& S&, Fig& 1 and E& UNK Fig& 2). The latter procedure gave rise to a small active protein peak UNK UNK between Regions 1 and 2. In 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of agglutinin activity with intermediate anionic binding capacity was detected UNK 3, Fig& 1). Moreover, after concentration using negative pressure UNK agglutinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated UNK UNK P& UNK D& A&, and J& UNK Fig& 1). Not all these regions exhibited equal UNK activity, as evidenced by titer and the extent of the active areas. In all cases, most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding capacity. This was particularly noticeable in group ~A and group ~B sera, in which cases activity in Regions 1 and 2 was usually not detectable without prior concentration and occasionally could not be detected at all. There appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-~A and anti-~B activity in group ~O UNK though in two group ~O UNK (J& F& and E& UNK only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity (Figs& 1 and 2). Several samples of UNK plasma were fractionated in our laboratory by UNK 6 of UNK <et UNK These fractions were tested for ~ABO agglutinin activity, using fractions from group UNK plasma as a control. As expected, most of the activity was found in Fraction **f, with slight activity seen in Fraction UNK A sample of Fraction **f from group ~O plasma was dissolved in starting buffer, dialyzed against this buffer and subjected to chromatography using the gradient shown in Fig& 2. Once again, both anti-~A and anti-~B activities were found in the insoluble material precipitated during UNK Similarly, both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the chromatographic UNK having extremely low, low, and high anionic binding capacity, respectively (Fig& UNK UNK of whole sera revealed that the areas of ~Rh antibody activity were generally continuous and wide. The incomplete antibody activity appeared in the early part of the UNK the complete, in the latter part. The serum containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies showed activity in both regions (Fig& 1). In all cases the activity against **f cells was spread over a wider area than that with **f cells, regardless of the type of test UNK UNK indirect UNK used for comparison. The insoluble material resulting from dialysis against starting buffer always showed strong activity. In fact UNK of **f cells in saline could be produced by the insoluble material from sera containing UNK incomplete antibody activity. This was later known to be the result of concentrating the minute amount of complete antibody found in these UNK when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample, no complete antibody activity could be UNK Apart from the UNK practically all bees and bumblebees UNK in a state of UNK Occasionally, you may come across one or two bumblebees in the cold season, when you are turning over UNK in your garden, but you have to be a really keen observer to see them at all. They keep their wings and feet pressed tightly against their bodies, and in spite of their often colorful attire you may very well mistake them for UNK of UNK I must add at once that these animals are what we call UNK young females that have UNK in the previous summer or UNK It is on them alone that the future of their race UNK for all their relatives UNK UNK brothers, and UNK UNK have UNK with the arrival of the cold weather. Even some of the queens will die before the winter is over, falling prey to enemies or disease. The survivors emerge on some nice, sunny day in March or April, when the temperature is close to UNK ~F and there is not too much wind. Now the thing for us to do is to find ourselves a couple of those wonderful flowering UNK such as the red UNK UNK of our Pacific UNK or otherwise a good UNK tree, or perhaps some nice UNK willow in UNK preferably one with male or UNK catkins. The UNK of UNK and of the willow and UNK are the places where large numbers of our early insects will UNK honeybees, UNK and other wild UNK and also various kinds of UNK It is a happy, UNK crowd. Each male willow UNK is composed of a large number of small flowers. It is not difficult to see that the UNK of the UNK are always arranged in pairs, and that each individual flower is nothing but one such pair standing on a green, UNK little scale. By UNK the flowers, one can also notice that the scale bears one or two tiny UNK Those are the UNK or honey glands (Fig& 26, page UNK The UNK willow UNK then, provide their visitors with both UNK and UNK a marvelous arrangement, for it provides exactly what the bee queens need to make their UNK a combination of honey and pollen with which the young of all species are UNK The only exception to this is certain bees that have become UNK I will deal with these later on. Quite often, UNK form a majority on the willow catkins. As we have already seen in the first chapter, bumblebees are UNK UNK and much more colorful than honeybees, exhibiting various combinations of black, yellow, white and UNK Let us not try to key them out at this stage of the game, and let us just call them UNK there must be several dozen species in the United States alone. If you really insist on knowing their names, an excellent book on the North American species is UNK and Their UNK by O& E& UNK If we manage to keep track of a <Bombus> queen after she has left her feeding place, we may discover the UNK little UNK which she has fixed up for herself when she UNK up from her winter sleep. As UNK a queen, a UNK female is rather UNK and may spend considerable time searching for a suitable UNK place. Most species seem to prefer a ready-made hollow such as a deserted mouse UNK a bird house, or the hole made by a UNK some show a definite liking for making their nest in UNK Once she has made up her mind, the queen starts out by UNK in her chosen UNK a small UNK of dried grass or some UNK material. On this, she builds an UNK UNK or UNK UNK which is filled with that famous UNK mixture called beebread. She also builds one or two UNK cups which she fills with honey. Then, a group of eggs is deposited in a cavity in the UNK loaf and the egg compartment is closed. The queen afterward keeps UNK and guarding her eggs like a mother hen, taking a UNK from time to time from the rather liquid honey in her honey UNK When the larvae UNK they feed on the UNK although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother. She continues to add to the pollen supply as needed. The UNK kept warm by the queen, are full grown in about ten days. Each now makes a tough, UNK UNK and UNK After another two weeks, the first young UNK four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker UNK collecting pollen and UNK in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen UNK to a life of egg UNK The first worker bees do not mate or lay UNK males and mating females do not emerge until later in the season. The broods of workers that appear later tend to be bigger than the first ones, probably because they are better UNK By the middle of the summer, many of the larvae apparently receive such a good diet that it is UNK and it is then that young queens begin to appear. Simultaneously, males or UNK are produced, mostly from the UNK eggs of workers, although a few may be produced by the UNK The young queens and UNK leave the nest and mate, and after a short period of freedom, the UNK young queens will begin to UNK in for the winter. It is an amazing fact that in some species this will happen while the summer is still in full swing, for instance, in UNK The temperature then is still very high. At the old UNK the queen will in the early fall cease to lay the UNK eggs that will produce females. As a result, the proportion of males (which leave the UNK increases, and eventually the old colony will die out completely. The nest itself, the structure that in some cases housed about 2,000 individuals when the season was at its UNK is now rapidly destroyed by the UNK larvae of certain UNK and UNK Not always, though, does the development of a UNK colony take place in the smooth fashion we have just described. Some members of the bee family have become UNK social UNK that live at the expense of their UNK UNK UNK can thus suffer severely from the UNK of UNK the UNK as it is called in some European countries. UNK individuals of <Psithyrus> look UNK like the workers and queens of the bumblebees they UNK The one sure way to tell victim and UNK apart is to examine the hind legs which in the case of the UNK UNK lack the pollen UNK UNK The female UNK spends much time in her efforts to find a nest of her UNK When she UNK she usually manages to slip in UNK to deposit an egg on a completed loaf of UNK before the bumblebees seal the egg UNK The hosts never seem to recognize that something is UNK so that the compartment afterward is sealed UNK Thus, the larvae of the UNK can develop at the expense of the rightful inhabitants and the store of beebread. Later on, they and the mother <Psithyrus> are fed by the <Bombus> workers. UNK still, in a number of cases it has been claimed that the <Psithyrus> female kills off the <Bombus> UNK But let us return, after this UNK UNK to our willow UNK in the UNK there are other wild bees that command our attention. It is almost certain that some of these, usually a trifle smaller than the honeybees, are andrenas or mining UNK There are about 200 different kinds of <Andrena> in Europe alone. One of my favorites is UNK UNK a species very common in England, where it is sometimes referred to as the lawn UNK The females like to burrow in the short UNK of well-kept UNK where their little UNK of earth often appear by the hundreds. Almost equal in size to a UNK UNK UNK is much more beautiful in color, at least in the female of the UNK a rich, UNK rusty UNK The males are much UNK After having UNK an <Andrena> female UNK a hole straight down into the ground, forming a burrow about the size of a lead pencil. The bottom part of a burrow has a number of side tunnels or UNK each of which is provided with an egg plus a store of beebread. The development of the <Andrena> larvae is very UNK so that by the end of spring they have already UNK and become adults. But they are still enclosed in their UNK cells and remain there throughout the summer, fall, and winter. Their appearance, next spring, coincides in an almost uncanny way with the flowering of their host plants. In the UNK valley in California, for instance, it has been observed that there was not one day's difference between the emergence of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins. This must be due to a completely identical response to the weather, in the plant and the animal. After the male and female andrenas have UNK the cycle is repeated. Although <Andrena> is UNK so that we may find hundreds and hundreds of UNK together, we must still call it a solitary UNK Its life history is much simpler than that of the truly colonial bumblebees and can serve as an example of the life cycle of many other species. After all, social life in the group of the bees is by no means general, although it certainly is a striking feature. On the basis of its life history, we like to think that <Andrena> is more primitive than the UNK The way in which it transports its pollen is not so UNK either. It lacks pollen UNK and possesses only a large number of long, UNK hairs on its UNK on which the pollen grains will UNK Still <Andrena> will do a reasonably good job, so that an animal with a full pollen load looks like a gay little piece of yellow down floating in the wind. Closely related to the andrenas are the UNK or alkali UNK UNK UNK can be found in tremendous numbers in certain parts of the United States west of the Great UNK for example, in Utah and central Washington. In the United States Department of UNK UNK of Agriculture, UNK which is devoted entirely to insects, George E& UNK mentions a site in Utah which was estimated to contain 200,000 UNK females. Often the UNK are only an inch or two apart, and the bee cities cover several acres. The life history of the alkali bee is similar to that of UNK but the first activity of the adults does not take place until summer, and the individuals UNK in the UNK stage. In most places, there are two generations a year, a second brood of adults appearing late in the summer. I must plead guilty to a special sympathy for UNK This may just be pride in my adopted State of Washington, but certainly I love to visit their mound cities near UNK and UNK in July or August, when the bees are in their most active period. The name UNK UNK indicates that one has to look for them in rather UNK places. Sometimes, although by no means always, these are indeed UNK The thing is that these bees love a UNK soil that is UNK yet the water in the ground should not be stagnant either. They dislike dense UNK Where does one find such UNK The best UNK of course, is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry, so that a high UNK leaves salty deposits which permit only UNK plant growth. Many other UNK nearly UNK snakes at maturity are already more than half their final length. Laurence M& UNK put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some UNK and Charles C& UNK data on Michigan UNK and ribbon snakes UNK show that the smallest UNK females are more than half as long as the biggest adults. Felix UNK states that "when the snake reaches its maturity it has already reached about its UNK UNK but goes on to cite the reticulate python as an exception, with maximum length approximately three times that at maturity. It is hard to understand how he concluded that most snakes do not grow appreciably after attaining UNK he was working with species of UNK so perhaps some tropical snakes are unusual in this respect. Certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity, but it is impossible to know whether this is due to captive conditions. Additional records of slow growth have been omitted. It is possible to make a few generalizations about the six giants themselves. There seems to be a rough correlation between the initial and ultimate lengths, starting with the smallest UNK UNK and ending with the largest UNK Data on the former are UNK but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others, thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does, indeed, attain the greatest length. For four of the six (the anaconda and the amethystine python cannot be included for lack of UNK there is also a correlation between size at maturity and maximum length, the boa constrictor being the smallest and the Indian python the next in size at the former stage. Let us speculate a little on the maximum size of the UNK If, in a certain part of the range, it starts life 1 foot longer than do any of the other UNK UNK UNK and reaches maturity at, let us UNK 18 inches longer than the others, a UNK of the maturity length would result in a maximum of UNK 40 feet. When it comes to rate of early growth, the Indian python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per year for the first two years, more or less. The African rock UNK a close second, is followed in turn by the reticulate UNK There are few data on the boa UNK those for the anaconda are UNK and there is nothing at all on the amethystine UNK It seems likely that the Indian python comes out ahead because records of its growth have been made more carefully and UNK it responds exceptionally well to UNK and does not reach proportions that make it hard to UNK I cannot make sense out of the figures for post maturity growth; at best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet. Until better records have been kept over longer periods of time and much more is known about the maximum dimensions, it will be wise to refrain from drawing conclusions. It is often stated that the largest snakes require five years to attain maturity, but this apparently is an UNK The best way to determine the correct figure (in UNK is by direct observation of pairs isolated from birth, a method that produced surprising UNK maturing of a male Indian python in less than two years, his mate in less than UNK data on the boa constrictor about match this. Another approach is to estimate from the rate of growth and the smallest size at maturity. Results from this approach amply confirm the direct UNK about three years are required, there being a possible slight difference between males and females in the time required. Only the amethystine python and the anaconda must be excluded for lack or UNK of data. The following information on snakes varying greatly in size (but all with less than a UNK UNK shows, when considered with the UNK that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to UNK UNK in his summary of the habits of the snakes of the United States, could supply data on the maturing period for only three species in addition to the UNK which I shall consider UNK These three were much UNK lined snake UNK one year and nine UNK UNK snake UNK two years; UNK UNK two years. UNK investigated the UNK carefully himself and also summarized what others have found. He concluded that in the southern species, which are rapidly growing types, females mate at the age of two and a half and bear the first young when they are three. Other UNK have ascertained that in the northern United States the prairie UNK may not give first birth until it is four or even five years old, and that the young may be born every other year, rather than annually. UNK study showed that female common UNK and ribbon snakes of Michigan mature at about the age of two. UNK UNK UNK UNK are never brought home either alive or UNK and field measurements are obviously open to doubt because of the universal tendency to exaggerate dimensions. Measurements of skins are of little UNK every snake hide is UNK longer than its carcass and intentional stretching presents no difficulty to the UNK UNK In spite of all the UNK there is a certain amount of agreement on some of the giants. The anaconda proves to be the fly in the UNK but the reason for this is not clear; the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical South America might be UNK There are three levels on which to treat the subject. The first is the strictly UNK which demands concrete proof and therefore may UNK on the conservative side by waiting for evidence in the flesh. This approach rejects virtually all field measurements. The next level attempts to weigh varied evidence and come to a balanced, sensible UNK field measurements by experienced explorers are not UNK and even reports of a less scientific nature are duly UNK The third level UNK on a belief that a lot of smoke means some fire. The argument against this last approach is comparable to that which rejects stories about UNK snakes, about snakes that break themselves into many pieces and join up again, or even of UNK that chase people out of UNK the mere piling up of testimony does not UNK to the scientific mind, the existence of UNK snakes, joint snakes, or UNK Oliver has recently used the UNK approach with the largest snakes, and has come to these UNK the anaconda reaches a length of at least 37 feet, the reticulate python UNK the African rock python 25, the amethystine python at least 22, the Indian python 20, and the boa constrictor UNK Bernard UNK also treats of the largest snakes, but on the third level, and is chiefly concerned with the UNK He reasons that as anacondas 30 feet long are often found, some might be 38, and occasional UNK UNK over UNK He rejects dimensions of 70 feet and more. His UNK chapter includes many exciting accounts of huge UNK with prodigious strength, but these seem to be given to complete his picture, not to be UNK UNK information on record lengths of the giants is given in the section that follows. UNK OF THE UNK UNK UNK of the giants one by one will UNK as far as possible, data on these aspects of UNK size at which life is started and at which sexual maturity is UNK time required to reach UNK rate of growth both before and after this crucial UNK and maximum length, with confirmation or UNK of Oliver's figures. UNK information on the growth of UNK individuals is lacking. UNK At birth, this species varies considerably in size. A brood of twenty-eight born at UNK UNK near Chicago, ranged in length from 22 to UNK inches and averaged 29 inches. Lawrence E& UNK gives measurements of nineteen young UNK presumably members of a UNK from UNK UNK the extreme measurements of these fall between the lower limit of the UNK brood and its average. Raymond L& UNK had two broods that averaged 27 inches. R& R& UNK and F& W& UNK give approximately 20 inches as the average length of a brood of thirty from the region of the UNK UNK William Beebe reports 26 inches and UNK UNK (this snake must have been UNK for the length and the weight of a young anaconda from British UNK In contrast, UNK recorded the average length of UNK young of a UNK female as 38 inches, and four young were born in London at a length of 35 or 36 inches and a weight of from 14 to 16 UNK Beebe had a UNK anaconda that weighed only UNK UNK A difference between UNK might explain the great range in size. I have little information on the UNK rate of growth. Hans UNK had one that increased from UNK inches to 5 feet 3 inches in five years, and J& J& UNK records a growth of from less than 4 feet to nearly 10 in about six years. It is very unlikely that either of these anacondas was growing at a normal rate. In 1948, UNK do UNK the noted Brazilian UNK wrote a technical paper on the giant UNK He concluded that the UNK maximum length is 12 or 13 UNK UNK meters, which would approximate from 39 to 42 feet UNK meters is slightly less that 46 UNK Thus, his estimate lies between Oliver's suggestion of at least 37 feet and the 50-foot UNK UNK intimated by UNK The most convincing recent measurement of an anaconda was made in eastern UNK by UNK UNK a UNK UNK of the Richmond Oil Company, and reported in 1944 by UNK R& UNK However, as a field UNK it is open to question. Oliver's UNK feet is partly based on this report and can be accepted as UNK However, many UNK remain skeptical and would prefer a tentative maximum of about 30 feet. It is possible that especially large anacondas will prove to belong to UNK limited to a small area. In snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of UNK UNK UNK A UNK female's brood of sixteen boa UNK born in the Staten Island UNK averaged 20 inches. This birth length seems to be UNK When some thirteen records of newly and recently born individuals are UNK little or no correlation between length and distribution can be UNK The range is from 14 to 25 UNK the former figure is based on a somewhat unusual birth of four by a Central American female (see chapter on UNK UNK UNK and UNK the latter on a "normal" newly born individual. However, as so many of the records are not certainly based on newborn snakes, these data must be taken UNK final conclusions will have to await the measurements of broods from definite UNK UNK R& UNK measurements of several very young specimens from Brazil suggest that at birth the female is slightly larger than the male. I have surprisingly little information on the size and age at maturity. Carl UNK has written to me of sexual activity in February UNK of young born in March 1940. One female, collected on an island off the coast of UNK was UNK and measured 4 feet 8 inches from UNK to UNK UNK tail should be between 6 and 7 inches UNK The female from Central America which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long. What data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in UNK unfortunately, no one has kept complete records of one individual, whereas many have been made for a very short period of time. The results are too varied to allow UNK The bronchus and pulmonary artery in this lung type maintain a close relationship UNK The pulmonary vein, however, without the limiting supportive tissue septa as in type /1,, follows a more direct path to the hilum and does not maintain this close relationship (figs& 8, UNK Another marked difference is noted here. The pulmonary artery, in addition to supplying the distal portion of the respiratory UNK the alveolar UNK and the UNK continues on and directly supplies the thin pleura (fig& UNK The bronchial artery, except for a small number of short branches in the UNK contributes none of the pleural blood supply. It does, as in type /1,, supply the hilar UNK UNK the pulmonary artery, the pulmonary vein, the UNK and the UNK UNK in a common capillary bed with the pulmonary artery at the level of the respiratory UNK No bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were noted in this group. UNK type /3, (fig& UNK is to some degree a composite of types /1, and /2,. It is characterized by the presence of UNK developed secondary UNK well defined, but UNK arranged, interlobular septa and a thick, remarkably vascular pleura (fig& UNK The most distal airways are similar to those found in type /1,, being composed of numerous, apparently true terminal bronchioles and UNK poorly developed respiratory bronchioles (figs& 14, UNK In this instance, because of incomplete UNK the secondary UNK does not constitute in itself what appears to be a small individual lung as in type /1,. UNK from one area to another are, therefore, UNK UNK the bronchus is situated between a pulmonary artery on one side and a pulmonary vein on the other, as in type /1, (fig& 24). This relationship, however, is not maintained UNK Here the pulmonary vein, as in type /2,, is noted to draw away from the UNK and to follow a more direct, independent course to the hilum (figs& 23, 24). The bronchial artery in its course and distribution differs somewhat from that found in other UNK As seen in types /1, and /2,, it supplies the hilar UNK UNK UNK UNK to the pulmonary artery and vein, the UNK and the terminal UNK As in type /1,, it provides arterial blood to the interlobular UNK and an extremely rich UNK pleural supply is seen (figs& 9, UNK This pleural supply is derived both from hilar and interlobular bronchial artery branches. Such a dual UNK was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once. Some of these were obviously filling from interlobular branches of the bronchial arteries while others were filling from direct hilar branches following along the pleural surface. With completion of UNK UNK anastomoses were noted to be present between these separately derived branches. An unusual increase in the number of bronchial arteries present within the substance of the lung was noted. This was accounted for primarily by the presence of a bronchial artery closely following the pulmonary artery. The diameter of this bronchial artery was much too large for it to be a mere UNK UNK (figs& 16, 23, 24). In distal regions its diameter would be one-fourth to one-fifth that of the pulmonary artery. This vessel could be followed to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arterial blood to the alveolar capillary bed (figs& 17, UNK Also three other direct UNK of alveolar bronchial arterial supply were UNK via the UNK through the interlobular UNK and along the terminal UNK (figs& 14, 17, 18, UNK One bronchial UNK arteriolar UNK was noted at the terminal UNK level (fig& UNK #DISCUSSION# It is evident that many marked and striking differences exist between lungs when an UNK comparison is made. The significance of these differences has not been studied nor has the existence of corresponding UNK differences been determined. However, the dynamics of UNK from UNK considerations alone, may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse. The volume and, perhaps, even the characteristics of bronchial arterial blood flow might be different in the dog than in the horse. Also, interlobular air drifts may be all but UNK in the UNK probably occur in the horse much as in the human UNK and, in contrast are present to a relatively immense degree on a UNK basis in the dog where UNK are absent UNK Allen and UNK UNK A reason for such wide variation in the pulmonary UNK is entirely lacking at present. Within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and, if one is permitted to UNK potential pathology should be included in this statement as well. For example, the marked UNK of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its UNK long alveolar ducts and short, large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types /1, and /3,. One might also wonder if UNK are capable of developing UNK as we know it in man or the horse. In addition, it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized UNK occurring in a cow, considering its marked UNK development but, conversely, not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog. UNK the horse lung appears to be remarkably like that of man, insofar as this can be ascertained from comparison of our findings in the horse with those of others UNK UNK in the human being. The only area in which one might find major disagreement in this matter is in regard to the alveolar distribution of the bronchial UNK As early as UNK UNK Fort claimed an alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries in human beings. In 1951, this was reaffirmed by UNK The opposition to this point of view has its staunchest support in the work of Miller UNK Apparently, however, Miller has relied heavily on the anatomy in dogs and UNK and he has been criticized for using UNK human material in his normal study UNK UNK Although Miller noted in 1907 that a difference in the pleural blood supply existed between animals, nowhere in his published works is it found that he did a comparative study of the UNK features of various mammalian lungs other than in the dog and cat UNK UNK UNK The meaning of this variation in distribution of the bronchial artery as found in the horse is not clear. However, this artery is known to be a UNK vessel with a distribution primarily to the UNK airways and supportive tissues of the UNK The UNK and respiratory bronchioles are primarily diffusing UNK UNK they are capable of extracting their required oxygen either from the surrounding air UNK and UNK UNK or from pulmonary arterial blood UNK UNK Therefore, an explanation of this alveolar bronchial artery supply might be the UNK requirement of an increased amount of supportive UNK not primarily diffusing in nature, in the region of the UNK If this be true, the possibility exists that an UNK UNK of the bronchial arteries might cause widespread UNK of supportive tissue similar to that seen in generalized UNK One would not expect such an event to occur in animals possessing lungs of types /1, or /2,. The presence of normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses was first noted in UNK by UNK and thereafter by many others. Nakamura UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and Watson UNK von UNK UNK and UNK UNK have all claimed their normal but relatively UNK existence in the human being. Miller UNK is the principal antagonist of this UNK In criticism of the latter's views, his conclusions were based upon dog lung injection studies in which all of the vascular channels were first filled with a solution under pressure and then were UNK with various sized colored particles designed to stop at the arteriolar level. As early as 1913 UNK and UNK demonstrated with UNK studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would remain constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein, but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure. Berry, UNK and UNK in 1931 and Nakamura in 1958 reaffirmed this. Our own studies in which bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were demonstrated, were accomplished by injecting the bronchial artery first with no pressure on the pulmonary artery or vein, and then by injecting the pulmonary artery and vein UNK It is distinctly possible, therefore, that simultaneous pressures in all three vessels would have rendered the shunts UNK and hence, UNK This viewpoint is further supported by UNK UNK demonstration of thickened bronchial artery and arteriolar muscular coats which are capable of acting as UNK In other words, the anastomoses between the bronchial artery and pulmonary artery should be considered as UNK or UNK UNK In addition, little work has been done on a comparative basis in regard to the normal existence of bronchial artery-pulmonary artery UNK UNK UNK UNK found these shunts in the human being but was unable to find them in UNK Ellis, UNK and Edwards UNK also were unable to find them in UNK Nakamura UNK was unable to demonstrate their existence, either by UNK or UNK methods, in dogs. The possibility that the absence or presence of these shunts is UNK is therefore UNK Certainly, the mere fact of failing to demonstrate them in one or another species does not conclusively deny their existence in that species. It is, however, highly suggestive and agrees well with our own findings in which we also failed to demonstrate normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery shunts in certain species, especially the dog. In conclusion, these findings suggest the need for a comparative UNK UNK and UNK of mammalian UNK In addition, a detailed UNK survey of the incidence of generalized pulmonary UNK in UNK would be interesting and UNK Also, for the present, great caution should be exercised in the choice of an experimental animal for pulmonary studies if they are to be applied to man. This is especially so if the dog, cat or monkey are to be used, in view of their marked anatomical differences from man. Finally, it is suggested that in many respects the horse lung may be UNK more comparable to that of the human than any other presently known species. UNK The main UNK anatomical features of the lungs of various UNK are presented. A UNK of these features permits the lungs to be grouped into three distinctive UNK types. Type /1, is represented by the cow, UNK and UNK type /2,, by the dog, cat, and UNK type /3,, by the horse. UNK is extremely well developed in type UNK absent in type UNK UNK developed in type /3,. The pleura and interlobular septa are thick in types /1, and /3,. The pleura is extremely thin in type /2, and septa are absent. UNK supply to the pleura in types /1, and /3, is provided by the bronchial artery, and in type /2,, by the pulmonary artery. In types /1,, /2, and /3, the bronchial artery UNK in a capillary bed shared in common with the pulmonary artery at the level of the distal UNK In type /3, the bronchial artery also provides blood directly to the alveolar capillary bed. True terminal bronchioles comprise the most frequent form taken by the distal airways in types /1, and /3,, although small numbers of poorly developed respiratory bronchioles are present. Well developed respiratory UNK on the other hand, appear to be the only form taken by the distal airways in type /2,. In type /1, the pulmonary vein closely follows the course of the bronchus and the pulmonary artery from the periphery to the UNK This maybe due to the heavy interlobular connective tissue barriers present. In type /3, this general relationship is maintained UNK but not centrally where the pulmonary vein follows a more independent path to the hilum as is the case throughout the lung in type /2,. Some of the features of the top portions of Figure 1 and Figure 2 were mentioned in discussing Table 1. First, the Onset Profile spreads across approximately 12 years for boys and 10 years for girls. In contrast, 20 of the 21 lines in the Completion Profile (excluding center 5 for boys and 4 for UNK are UNK and extend over a much shorter period, approximately 30 months for boys and 40 months for girls. The Maturity UNK for each sex demonstrates clearly that Onset is a phenomenon of infancy and early childhood whereas Completion is a phenomenon of the later portion of adolescence. Second, for both sexes, the 21 transverse lines in the Onset Profile vary more in individual spread than those in the Completion UNK Although the standard deviation values on which spread of the lines are based are UNK larger for those centers which begin to UNK early (Table 1), there are considerable differences in this value between centers having the closely timed UNK Third, the process of UNK is seen to begin later and to continue much longer for these boys than for the girls, a fact which confirms data for other groups of children. The Onset Profile and Completion Profile are constructed to serve as norms for children. It is convenient to classify a child's onset ages and completion ages as UNK "moderate" UNK or UNK according to whether the child's age equivalent "dots" appeared to the UNK of, UNK or to the UNK of the appropriate short transverse line. When a dot appears close to the end of the transverse line, the "moderate" rating may be further classified according to the position of the dot with respect to the vertical marking denoting the mean age. Such classifications may be called UNK UNK or UNK UNK as the case may be, reserving "moderate" for dots upon or close to the mean. In the lower portion of each UNK the Skeletal Age UNK of boy 34 and girl 2 may be similarly UNK There the middle one of the three curves denotes UNK Skeletal UNK for the Maturity Series boys and girls. The upper curve denotes the mean plus one standard UNK and the lower curve represents the mean minus one standard UNK Thus, a child's Skeletal Age "dots" may be classified as UNK when they appear above the middle curve, "moderate" when they appear immediately above or below the middle curve, and UNK when they appear below the lower UNK To UNK the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity UNK each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers. First, the upper portion requires series of films for every child, consisting of those from Hand, UNK UNK UNK and UNK The lower portion necessitates only films of UNK Second, the upper portion permits comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long, short, and round bones of the five regions. The lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones UNK since only two long bones are included in Hand and UNK as a region. Third, the upper portion deals with only two indicators of developmental level, Onset and Completion. The lower portion utilizes the full complement of intermediate maturity indicators of each Hand center as well as their Onset and Completion. Fourth, the two indicators are for the most part widely separated UNK with the extensive age gap occurring during childhood for all but one growth center. The lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and UNK UNK UNK and Skeletal Ages UNK of boy 34 and girl 2 may be directly compared and UNK using only those Skeletal Ages which appear immediately below the Onset Profile and the Completion UNK It may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small, according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body. Accordingly, maturity level ratings by means of the upper portion and lower portion of the UNK respectively, should be somewhat similar since Skeletal Age assessments are dependent upon Onsets during infancy and upon UNK during adolescence. It is clear that there are some differences in the UNK but there is substantial agreement. Since a Skeletal Age rating can be made at any age during growth, from UNK UNK UNK or UNK as well as Hand, it seems to be the method of choice when one wishes to study most aspects of skeletal developmental progress during childhood. As stated earlier in the paper, Onsets and UNK particularly the UNK provide a different tool or indicator of expectancy in UNK development, each within a limited age period. Such an indicator, or UNK are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress. It was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2. As one approach to doing this, Figures 3 and 4 have been constructed from the mean ages and the individual onset and completion ages for boy 34 and girl 2. The differences between onset age and completion age with respect to the corresponding mean age have been brought into UNK by means of a series of UNK The data for boy 34 appear in Figure 3, and for girl 2 in Figure 4. The numbering system used in Tables 1 and 2 and Figures 1 and 2 was continued for the 21 growth centers. The "dot" on one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child's onset age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center. The "tip" of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center. Thus, the alignment of the "dots" and UNK respectively, indicate individual variability of the 21 growth centers of each child with respect to the mean values for these boys and girls. The direction in which the arrow points shows how the maturity level of the growth center was changed at Completion from the level at UNK When the "dot" and "tip" UNK the classification used in this paper is "same UNK The length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at Completion over that at UNK and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure, or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables. The difference between the sequence of Onset of ossification for the sexes UNK the numbering sequence in Figures 3 and 4. This difference is readily clarified by referring to Table 1. For example, arrow 17 in Figure 3 portrays the UNK radial epiphysis for boy 34, whereas the same epiphysis for girl 2 is portrayed by arrow 18 in Figure 4. For the boy, this epiphysis was markedly delayed at Onset but near the mean at Completion. Thus, the Span of its ossification was shortened and the UNK ability to UNK up" in ossification is demonstrated. In contrast, for the girl the epiphysis was slightly advanced at Onset and delayed at Completion. Obviously, the slowing for her may have occurred at any point between Onset and Completion. The Skeletal Age curve in the lower portion of Figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the UNK period. UNK of the shaft of these UNK may be evaluated according to the standard deviation values for each center in Table 1. We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each UNK more than UNK values for the entire group- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center. Figures 5 and 6 are examples of our method of analyzing the results for each growth center. Forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this UNK have been included in the UNK The principles used in making each arrow for Figures 3 and 4 were applied to the construction of Figures 5 and 6 as well as all figures in the UNK One growth center in a short UNK distal phalanx of the second UNK was chosen as an example for discussion here, primarily because UNK UNK the maturity indicator for Completion in long and short UNK occurs in this center for girls near the UNK and for boys near their comparable pubescent stage. Its Completion thus becomes one of the convenient maturity indicators to include in studies of growth, dietary UNK and health during adolescence. The following UNK based on Figures 5 and 6, is an example of one way of UNK the 42 figures constructed from onset ages and completion ages of individual children with respect to the appropriate mean age for each growth center. At the top of Figure 5, for example, the Onset range and Completion range lines for the chosen growth center have been drawn for girls according to their mean and standard deviation values in Table 1. The 34 UNK denoting onset age plus completion age UNK have been UNK in an Onset sequence which begins with girl 18 who had the earliest Onset of the 34 girls. The growth center depicted here, in the distal phalanx of the second finger, is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones. The mean onset age was UNK months (Table 1), and the average Span of the UNK stage was 133 months. The correlation (Table 2) between onset age and completion age was UNK and that between onset age and Span was UNK With due consideration for the limits of precision in UNK expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years, and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the UNK each arrow with a UNK UNK of four months or less was selected as indicating "same schedule" at Onset and UNK for this particular UNK Accordingly, girls 31, 29, UNK 21, 26, 13, 3, 4, 14, 32, 24, 25, 34, 23, 6, 15, 22, and 16 may be said to have the "same schedule" at Onset and Completion. It seems clear, from the UNK shape of the series of UNK in Figure 5 that there was about an equal number of early and late Onsets and UNK for the 34 girls. Accordingly, if UNK fusion occurs in this phalanx near UNK early and late UNK might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of Onset of ossification for the 18 girls with "same UNK As an example of the interpretation of an arrow in the figure which exceeds four months in shaft length in conjunction with its position in the UNK girl 2 had a delayed Onset and further delayed Completion. It is of interest that her UNK was somewhat later than the average for the girls in this group. A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage. Boys 32, 23, 31, 17, 30, 19, and 24 had "same schedule" at Onset and UNK thus early forecasting of the pubescent stage would appear possible for only seven boys. UNK 34, like girl 2, did not have "same UNK his arrow crosses the line denoting the mean. The "dot" on his arrow indicates early Onset and the "tip" indicates relatively later Completion. After the 42 figures had been drawn like Figures 5 and 6, classifications of the onset ages and completion ages were summarized from them. Interestingly enough, the effect of the UNK UNK is inhibited by a high concentration of potassium in the incubation medium and is enhanced by the absence of potassium UNK 1960). UNK UNK OF UNK The precise mechanism for UNK of iodine in the thyroid is not as yet completely understood. However, the formation of UNK bound UNK mainly UNK can be accomplished in cell-free systems. In the absence of additions to the UNK the product formed is an iodinated particulate protein UNK and UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK De UNK and UNK 1960). This UNK does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid, and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems. In addition, the UNK acid formed in largest quantity in the intact thyroid is UNK If UNK and a system generating hydrogen UNK are added to a cell-free UNK of the thyroid, large quantities of free UNK can be formed UNK 1959). It is not clear whether this system bears any resemblance to the in UNK iodinating mechanism, and a system generating UNK has not been identified in thyroid tissue. On chemical grounds it seems most likely that iodide is first converted to **f and then to **f as the active iodinating species. In the thyroid gland it appears that proteins UNK UNK are iodinated and that free UNK and UNK are not UNK UNK of UNK however, is not enough for the synthesis of UNK The UNK and di-iodotyrosine must be coupled to form tri-iodothyronine and UNK The mechanism of this coupling has been studied in some detail with UNK systems in vitro and can be simulated by certain di-iodotyrosine UNK UNK and James, 1958). There is so far no evidence to indicate conclusively that this coupling is under enzymatic control. The chemical nature of the UNK is discussed below UNK 76 et UNK UNK UNK UNK Little is known of the synthetic mechanisms for formation of thyroglobulin. Its synthesis has not been demonstrated in cell-free systems, nor has its synthesis by systems with intact thyroid cells in vitro been unequivocally UNK There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of UNK for in certain UNK UNK of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated UNK a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments UNK Robbins and Rall, 1959). Similar findings have been noted in a patient with UNK absence of the UNK UNK whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate UNK In addition, depending on availability of dietary UNK thyroglobulin may contain varying quantities of iodine. UNK UNK Since the circulating thyroid UNK are the UNK acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine UNK Section UNK it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before UNK The presence of several proteases and UNK has been demonstrated in the UNK One of the proteases has ~pH optimum of about UNK and another of about 5.7 UNK Stanley and UNK UNK UNK Robbins and Rall, UNK The finding that the concentration of one of these proteases is increased in thyroid glands from UNK animals suggests that this UNK may be active in UNK There is no conclusive evidence yet that either of the proteases has been prepared in highly purified form nor is their specificity known. A study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not UNK released and that the UNK proceeds stepwise with the formation of UNK UNK UNK UNK and Rall, 1956). Besides UNK enzymes the thyroid possesses UNK enzymes. A UNK UNK with a ~pH optimum of around 8, and requiring reduced UNK UNK for activity, has been identified in the thyroid UNK UNK This UNK enzyme is effective against UNK and UNK but does not UNK thyroxine or UNK It is assumed that the iodine released from the UNK remains in the iodide pool of the thyroid, where it is UNK and UNK into thyroglobulin. The thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine released by UNK and so escaping UNK presumably diffuse into the blood stream. It has been shown that thyroglobulin UNK UNK but the binding does not appear to be particularly strong. It has been suggested that the plasma UNK proteins, which have an extremely high affinity for UNK compete with thyroglobulin for thyroxine UNK and UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK drugs are of two general types. One type has a small UNK UNK of the UNK type. This ion UNK thyroid hormone synthesis by interfering with iodide concentration in the UNK It does not appear to affect the iodinating mechanism as such. The other group of antithyroid agents or drugs is UNK by UNK These drugs have no effect on the iodide concentrating mechanism, but they inhibit UNK The mechanism of action of these drugs has not been completely worked out, but certain of them appear to act by reducing the UNK form of iodine before it can UNK thyroglobulin UNK 1954). On the other hand, there are a few antithyroid drugs of this same general type, such as UNK possessing no reducing activity and possibly acting through formation of a complex with molecular iodine. Any of the antithyroid UNK of either type, if given in large enough doses for a long period of time will cause UNK UNK to inhibition of thyroid hormone UNK with production of UNK The anterior lobe of the pituitary then responds by an increased output of ~TSH, causing the thyroid to UNK The effect of drugs that act on the UNK mechanism can be UNK by addition of relatively large amounts of iodine to the UNK The antithyroid drugs of the UNK type, however, are not UNK by such means. Besides those of the UNK and UNK types, certain antithyroid drugs have been found in naturally occurring foods. The most conclusively identified is UNK which was isolated from UNK UNK UNK It is presumed to occur in other members of the UNK family. There is some evidence that naturally occurring UNK may play a role in the development of UNK particularly in UNK and Australia UNK and UNK 1956). There it seems that the UNK UNK by dairy animals is itself inactive but is converted in the animal to an active UNK which is then UNK in the milk. UNK UNK UNK Besides the presence of UNK in the diet, the level of iodine itself in the diet plays a major role in governing the activity of the thyroid UNK In the experimental animal and in man gross deficiency in dietary iodine causes thyroid UNK UNK and increased thyroid activity UNK UNK and Rawson, UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK 1954). In man the normal level of iodine in the diet and the level necessary to prevent development of UNK is about 100 UNK per day. With lower levels, thyroid UNK and increased thyroid UNK enable the thyroid to UNK a larger proportion of the daily intake of iodine. Further, the gland is able to UNK a larger fraction of the thyroid hormone UNK UNK In the presence of a low iodine UNK thyroglobulin UNK in UNK with **f is found to contain more UNK than normal, the amounts of di-iodotyrosine and UNK being UNK reduced. This appears to result from both a reduced amount of the iodine substrate and a more rapid UNK of newly iodinated thyroglobulin. If the deficiency persists long enough, it is reasonable to suppose that the **f label will reflect the **f distribution in the thyroglobulin. Similar results might be expected from the influence of drugs or pathological conditions that limit iodide UNK or UNK or accelerate thyroglobulin UNK UNK THE UNK UNK The name UNK hormone UNK has been given to a substance found in the anterior pituitary gland of all species of animal so far tested for its presence. The hormone has also been called UNK or UNK UNK At the present time we do not know by what biochemical mechanism ~TSH acts on the thyroid, but for UNK of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be UNK including release of iodine from the thyroid, increase in thyroid weight, increase in mean height of the UNK cells and increase in the UNK uptake of **f. Here we shall restrict discussion to those methods that appear sufficiently sensitive and precise for determining the concentration of ~TSH in blood. Brown (1959) has reviewed generally the various methods of UNK ~TSH, and the reader is referred to her paper for further information on the subject. #1. CHEMICAL UNK AND PHYSICAL PROPERTIES OF UNK UNK As long ago as 1851 it was pointed out by UNK UNK that there is a connection between the pituitary and the UNK This connection was clarified by Smith and Smith UNK who showed that saline extracts of fresh UNK pituitary glands could UNK the UNK UNK of UNK UNK The first attempts to isolate ~TSH came a decade later, when UNK and UNK UNK used UNK acid to separate the UNK ~TSH from insoluble UNK After their work other investigators applied UNK techniques to the problem, as well as UNK with organic UNK such as UNK Albert UNK has concluded that the most active preparations of ~TSH made during this period, from 1931 to 1945, were probably about 100 to 300 times as potent as the starting material. Much of this work has been reviewed by White UNK and by Albert (1949). Developments up to about 1957 have been discussed by UNK UNK In the last few years, the application of chromatographic and other modern techniques to the problem of isolating ~TSH has led to further purification UNK and UNK UNK Pierce, UNK and UNK 1960). The most active preparations obtained by these two groups of investigators appear to be similar in UNK composition and physical properties. Two problems present themselves in considering any hormone in blood. First, is the circulating form of the hormone the same as that found in the gland where it is UNK and UNK Second, what is its concentration in normal circumstances and in what circumstances will this concentration depart from the normal level and in which UNK It is therefore necessary to consider the properties of pituitary ~TSH if the fragmentary chemical information about blood ~TSH is to be discussed UNK The importance of knowing in what chemical forms the hormone may exist is accentuated by the recent observation that there exists an UNK UNK ~TSH in blood drawn from many UNK patients UNK 1958). Whether this UNK ~TSH differs chemically from pituitary ~TSH, or is, alternatively, normal ~TSH with its period of effectiveness modified by some other blood UNK cannot be decided without chemical study of the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary UNK In evaluating data on the concentration of ~TSH in blood, one must examine critically the UNK methods used to obtain them. The introduction of the United States UNK reference standard in 1952 and the UNK and equating of the ~USP and international units of UNK activity have made it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time. We should like to UNK the importance of stating results solely in terms of international units of ~TSH activity and of avoiding the UNK of biological units. For the most part, this discussion will be confined to results obtained since the introduction of the reference UNK UNK UNK UNK AND UNK OF UNK UNK The international unit UNK adopted to make possible the comparison of results from different laboratories UNK and UNK UNK has been defined as the amount of activity present in 13.5 ~mg of the International Standard UNK The international unit is UNK with the ~USP unit adopted in 1952, which was defined as the amount of activity present in 20 ~mg of the ~USP reference substance. #INTRODUCTION# UNK weakness is now recognized as an uncommon though serious complication of UNK therapy, with most of the synthetic UNK UNK in clinical use. Although UNK have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of UNK UNK this case provides the only example known to us in which UNK afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups. The case described in this paper is that of an older man who developed disabling muscular weakness while receiving a variety of UNK for a UNK UNK UNK OF CASE# This patient was a UNK white male UNK who entered the New York Hospital for his fourth and terminal admission on June 26, 1959, because of disabling weakness and general UNK In 1953 the patient developed an UNK UNK for which 15 blood transfusions were given over a period of 4 years. UNK was first noted in 1956, and a UNK marrow UNK at that time showed UNK UNK of UNK suggestive of UNK No additional transfusions were necessary after the institution of UNK in July, 1957, in an initial dose of 40 mg& daily with gradual UNK to 10 mg& daily. This UNK was continued until February, 1958. In February, 1958, the patient suffered a myocardial UNK complicated by pulmonary UNK Additional findings at this time included UNK peripheral UNK UNK and UNK The hemoglobin was UNK gm&. UNK included UNK and UNK Later, UNK and salt restriction became necessary to control the UNK of chronic UNK failure. Because of increasing UNK UNK 8 mg& daily, was started on Feb& 23, 1958, and was continued until UNK 1958. In UNK 1958, the patient developed generalized weakness and fatigue which was concurrent with exacerbation of his UNK the hemoglobin was UNK gm&. In an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any UNK UNK UNK 16 mg& daily, was begun on Sept& 26, 1958, and continued until Feb& 18, 1959. At first the patient felt stronger, and the hemoglobin rose to UNK gm&, but on Oct& 20, 1958, he complained of UNK UNK in his knees. By Nov& 8, 1958, UNK specifically involving the pelvic and thigh UNK was UNK and a common complaint was UNK in stepping up on to UNK UNK 30 mg& daily, was substituted for UNK from Nov& 22 until Dec& 1, 1958, without any improvement in the weakness. UNK potassium at this time was UNK UNK per UNK and the hemoglobin was UNK UNK By Dec& 1, 1958, the weakness in the pelvic and UNK muscle groups was appreciably worse, and it became difficult for the patient to rise UNK from a sitting or reclining position. UNK 16 mg& daily, was resumed and maintained until Feb& 18, 1959. UNK was omitted for a UNK period, but there was no change in the muscle weakness. At this time a detailed UNK examination revealed diffuse muscle atrophy that was moderate in the hands and feet, but marked in the shoulders, UNK and pelvic UNK with UNK UNK UNK No UNK or sensory defects were found. UNK revealed no evidence of lower motor UNK disease. UNK function tests yielded normal results. The UNK iodine was UNK UNK and the radioactive iodine uptake over the thyroid gland was UNK in 24 hours, with a conversion ratio of UNK A UNK test demonstrated normal absorption of vitamin **f. In February, 1959, during the second admission to The New York Hospital, a UNK specimen of the left gastrocnemius showed striking increase in the UNK UNK nuclei and UNK muscle fibers in several sections. UNK serum potassium levels remained UNK the serum UNK UNK UNK was 10 units per UNK per UNK The clinical impression at this time was either muscular UNK or UNK On Feb& 12, 1959, purified UNK UNK UNK 20 units daily UNK was started but had to be discontinued 3 weeks later because of excessive fluid UNK From March 3 to May 1, 1949, the patient was maintained on UNK 3 to 6 mg& daily. In May 1959, UNK 30 mg& daily, replaced the UNK UNK weakness did not UNK and the patient needed first a UNK then UNK In spite of normal thyroid function tests, a trial of UNK 400 mg& daily for one week, was given but served only to UNK muscle weakness. Repeated attempts to withdraw UNK entirely were unsuccessful because increased muscle weakness UNK as well as fever, UNK UNK anxiety, and an exacerbation of the UNK These reactions were interpreted as being manifestations of UNK UNK back pain in June, 1959, prompted a third hospital UNK Extensive UNK with partial collapse of UNK was found. A UNK diet, calcium UNK supplements, and UNK failed to change the skeletal complaint or the severe muscle weakness. The terminal hospital admission on June 27, 1959, was necessitated by continued weakness and UNK complicated by UNK retention and painful UNK UNK X-ray films of the vertebral column showed UNK of the UNK On July 4, 1959, the patient developed marked UNK pain and UNK went into shock, and died. UNK AT UNK The body was that of a UNK somewhat UNK white man weighing 108 lb& There were UNK UNK and UNK UNK and the mouth was UNK The heart weighed UNK gm&, and at the UNK tracts the left and right UNK measured 19 and 3 UNK respectively. The coronary arteries were UNK and UNK narrowed throughout their courses, and the right coronary artery was virtually UNK by a yellow UNK UNK 1.5 cm& distal to its origin. The UNK of the posterior base of the left UNK was replaced by gray UNK tissue over a 7.5 cm& area. The UNK were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the UNK UNK Microscopically, sections from the posterior base of the left UNK of the heart showed several large areas of replacement of muscle by fibrous tissue. In addition, other sections contained focal areas of recent myocardial necrosis that were UNK with neutrophils. Many of the myocardial fibers were UNK and had large, UNK UNK nuclei. The UNK of the larger coronary arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue containing UNK UNK and UNK cells. The UNK surface of the UNK was covered with UNK UNK hard, UNK plaques along its entire course, and there was a marked UNK of the UNK of the large major visceral UNK In particular, the UNK of the right UNK and UNK arteries were virtually UNK and both UNK common UNK arteries were completely UNK The lungs weighed together UNK gm&. On the surfaces of both lungs there were UNK UNK measuring up to 3 cm& in diameter. The parenchyma was slightly UNK in the UNK of the left UNK and there were several firm, gray, UNK UNK measuring as large as 3 UNK Microscopically, there was UNK UNK and vascular UNK UNK laden with brown pigment were seen in some of the UNK and the UNK of some of the small arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue. The firm red UNK weighed UNK gm&, and its surface was mottled by UNK small patches of white material. The UNK cells UNK the UNK were UNK and many contained large quantities of UNK Some of the UNK contained large numbers of UNK red cells, and cells of the UNK series were found in small numbers. There were slight UNK and marked UNK The liver weighed UNK gm&, was brown in color, and the cut surface was mottled by irregular pale areas. Microscopically, there was UNK of the central UNK and there was some atrophy of adjacent UNK Some liver UNK cells contained UNK UNK while others had small amounts of brown UNK UNK The UNK contained about 40 UNK of UNK UNK and 3 smooth, UNK UNK measuring up to 1 cm& in diameter. The mucosa of the stomach was UNK and irregularly blackened over a 14 cm& area. The small and large UNK were filled with gas, and the jejunum was UNK to about 2 times its normal UNK The small UNK and UNK contained approximately 300 UNK of UNK UNK material, and the mucosa throughout was UNK and mottled UNK A careful search failed to show UNK of any of the UNK vessels. Microscopically, the mucosa of the stomach showed extensive UNK and contained large numbers of UNK bacterial UNK The UNK was UNK UNK with neutrophils. The mucosa of the jejunum and UNK showed similar changes, and in some areas the UNK was UNK and contained considerable numbers of neutrophils. Some of the small vessels were filled with UNK UNK and there was extensive UNK UNK A section of the UNK revealed intense UNK and extensive focal UNK of the UNK associated with much UNK and many neutrophils. UNK taken from the jejunum yielded UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and UNK UNK The kidneys were pale and weighed right, 110 gm&, and left, UNK gm&. The surfaces were UNK and finely UNK and punctuated by clear, UNK UNK measuring up to 3 cm& in diameter. On the surface of the right kidney there were also 2 yellow, firm, UNK raised areas measuring up to 2 cm& in diameter. Microscopically, both kidneys showed many small cortical scars in which there was UNK and UNK UNK tubular UNK and an infiltration of UNK and plasma cells. Occasional UNK contained UNK casts UNK with neutrophils. UNK there were marked UNK and UNK of UNK UNK UNK These changes were more marked in the UNK right kidney than in the left. In addition, there were 2 small UNK UNK in the right UNK The bone of the vertebral bodies, UNK and UNK was soft and was easily UNK The marrow of the vertebral bodies was pale and showed areas of fatty UNK Microscopically, there were many areas of UNK UNK with areas of UNK The cells of the UNK UNK and UNK series were normal except for their numbers. There was no evidence of UNK The muscles of the UNK chest wall, neck, and UNK wall were soft, pale, and UNK UNK studies of the UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK biceps UNK and diaphragm showed atrophy as well as varying degrees of injury ranging from swelling and UNK to focal necrosis of the muscle fibers. These changes were most marked in the gastrocnemius and biceps and less evident in the UNK UNK and UNK In the gastrocnemius and biceps there were many swollen and homogeneous UNK fibers such as that shown in Figure 2. Such swollen fibers were deeply UNK contained a few UNK UNK and showed loss of UNK UNK of UNK and prominent UNK The necrosis often involved only a portion of the length of a given UNK and usually the immediately adjacent fibers were normal. As shown in Figure 3, the UNK of other fibers was pale, UNK or UNK and invaded by UNK UNK cells were strikingly absent. In association with these changes in the UNK there were striking alterations in the muscle nuclei. These were increased both in number and in size, contained prominent UNK and were distributed throughout the fiber (Figs& UNK In contrast to the nuclear changes described above, another change in muscle nuclei was seen, usually occurring in fibers that were somewhat smaller than normal but that showed distinct UNK and UNK The nuclei of these UNK as is shown in Figures 3 and 4, showed remarkable proliferation and were closely UNK forming a UNK structure at either the center or the periphery of the UNK Individual nuclei were usually oval to round, though occasionally UNK and frequently small and somewhat UNK At times, UNK of 10 to 15 UNK nuclei were also observed. Occasionally there were small UNK fibers that were devoid of UNK and contained many UNK nuclei with prominent UNK (Fig& UNK These were thought to represent UNK fibers. UNK stains failed to show UNK in the involved muscles. In all of the sections examined, the UNK and small arteries were essentially normal. UNK OF THE UNK In attempting to improve specificity of UNK the UNK UNK used in both direct and indirect methods were treated in one of several ways: (1) They were passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and treated with UNK insoluble powders UNK UNK prepared from mouse liver or from healthy sweet clover stems or crown gall tissue produced by UNK UNK (E& F& Smith + UNK UNK on sweet clover stems. (2) The conjugates as well as the intermediate sera were absorbed for 30 minutes with UNK ~mg of proteins extracted from healthy sweet clover stems. The proteins were extracted with 3 volumes of **f in **f to give a nearly neutral extract and precipitated by UNK saturation with **f. The UNK was washed twice with an UNK saturated solution of **f, dissolved in a small quantity of 0.1 UNK neutral phosphate buffer, dialyzed against cold distilled water till free from UNK ions, and UNK using liquid UNK (3) In other experiments the indirect conjugate was treated with 3 volumes of ethyl acetate as recommended by UNK and UNK UNK (4) The conjugates were passed through a UNK UNK cellulose column UNK with neutral phosphate buffer UNK containing **f potassium phosphate and **f. UNK OF UNK UNK The technique of cutting sections was essentially the same as that described by UNK <et al>& UNK UNK and stem tumors from sweet clover plants infected with ~WTV were UNK in liquid UNK embedded in UNK and cut at UNK UNK in a UNK maintained at UNK to UNK The sections were mounted on cold slides UNK with UNK adhesive UNK UNK in earlier experiments, and in later experiments with a different mixture of the same components reported by UNK and UNK UNK The latter adhesive was found to be much more satisfactory. The sections were then thawed by placing a finger under the slide and dried under a fan for 30 UNK until used they were stored for as long as 2 weeks. UNK UNK UNK METHOD._ The sections were fixed in UNK for 15 minutes and dried at UNK for 30 minutes. Some of them were then covered with a drop of **f in a moist chamber at UNK for UNK minutes. As controls other sections were similarly covered with UNK Sections were then washed with ~PBS for 15-30 minutes. After UNK out most of the saline around the sections, a drop of **f was UNK over each of the sections, allowed to react for 30 minutes, and then washed with ~PBS for 15-30 minutes. After UNK out most of the liquid around the sections, the latter were mounted in buffered glycerine UNK parts glycerine to 3 parts of UNK UNK METHOD._ After drying the sections under the fan, fixing in UNK and drying at UNK as in the indirect method, the sections were treated with conjugated **f or **f UNK unless mentioned UNK for UNK minutes. As controls, other sections were similarly treated with **f or conjugated antiserum to the New York strain of potato yellow-dwarf virus UNK and Black, 1956). The sections were then washed with ~PBS for 15-30 minutes and mounted in buffered UNK UNK UNK UNK or UNK sections were examined under dark field illumination in a UNK fluorescence microscope equipped with a mercury vapor lamp UNK UNK UNK The light beam from the lamp was filtered through a UNK thickness UNK UNK UNK In the UNK a UNK 2 ~B filter was used to filter off UNK ultra-violet light. A red UNK UNK barrier filter with the code UNK designation UNK 23, was also used in the UNK lens assembly as it improved the contrast between specific and nonspecific fluorescence. #RESULTS# UNK OF UNK UNK METHOD._ In the first few experiments **f was passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and absorbed twice with UNK ~mg sweet clover tissue powder. The intermediate sera were also similarly absorbed with tissue powder. Sections of sweet clover stem and root tumors were treated with 1:10 solution of **f for 30 minutes, washed in buffered saline for 15 minutes, stained with **f for 30 minutes, and washed for 15 minutes in UNK Such sections showed bright UNK specific fluorescence in the cells of the pseudophloem tissue UNK and Black, UNK This specific fluorescence was readily distinguished from the light green nonspecific fluorescence in consecutive sections stained with 1:10 dilution of ~NS and **f or with **f alone. UNK sections mounted in buffered glycerine or sections treated only with ~NS or **f did not show such green fluorescence. Sections of crown gall tissue similarly stained with either **f and **f or ~NS and **f also showed only the light green nonspecific fluorescence. However, the nonspecific staining by the **f in tumor sections was considered bright enough to be confused with the staining of small amounts of ~WTV antigen. Two UNK of **f with ethyl acetate or two UNK of **f (which had been passed through UNK ~NS and **f with crown gall tissue powder, or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining. Treatment of all the sera with sweet clover proteins greatly reduced nonspecific UNK especially when the treated conjugate was diluted to UNK with UNK saline. In all the above procedures, when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1:10 or UNK with UNK saline, the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced, whereas, a dilution of the intermediate sera to UNK or diluting the **f to UNK greatly reduced specific fluorescence. UNK the sections with ~PBS before UNK the intermediate sera did not improve the staining reaction. In addition to other treatments, treating the sections with normal sheep serum for half an hour before UNK **f did not reduce nonspecific staining. The only treatment by which nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily removed was by passing the conjugate through a ~DEAE-cellulose column. When 1 ~ml of conjugate was passed through a column (**f), the first and second UNK fractions collected were the most specific and gave no nonspecific staining in some experiments, and very little in others. In the latter cases an additional treatment of the UNK **f with 50 ~mg of sweet clover stem tissue powder further improved the UNK After these treatments the conjugate did not stain healthy or crown gall sweet clover tissues or stained them a very faint green which was easily distinguishable from the bright UNK specific staining. With this purified conjugate the best staining procedure consisted of treating the sections with 1:10 dilution of **f for 30 minutes, washing with ~PBS for 15 minutes, staining with **f for 30 minutes, and washing with ~PBS for 15 minutes. The specificity of staining in ~WTV tumors with **f and **f but not with ~NS and **f or with antiserum to potato yellow-dwarf virus and **f, and the absence of such staining in crown gall tumor tissue from UNK indicate that an antigen of ~WTV was being UNK UNK METHOD._ **f was first conjugated with 50 ~mg of ~FITC per gram of UNK This conjugate was passed twice through Dowex-2-chloride and treated with various tissue powders in the same manner as described for the indirect method. In all cases a disturbing amount of nonspecific staining was still present although it was still distinguishable from specific fluorescence. In later experiments, **f and **f were prepared by UNK 8 ~mg of ~FITC per gram of UNK These conjugates **f had much less nonspecific staining than the previous conjugate (with 50 ~mg ~FITC per gram of UNK while the specific staining was similar in both cases. UNK staining could be satisfactorily eliminated by passing these conjugates through a ~DEAE-cellulose column as described for **f. The best staining procedure with this purified **f consisted of staining with the conjugate for 30 minutes and washing in ~PBS for 15 minutes. The specificity of staining with **f was established as follows: **f specifically stained tumor sections but not sections of healthy sweet clover stems or of crown gall tumor tissue from sweet UNK Sections of tumors incited by ~WTV were not similarly stained with conjugated normal serum or conjugated antiserum to potato yellow-dwarf UNK After passing **f through UNK the titer of antibodies to ~WTV in the specific fraction was UNK of the titer before such passage UNK ring tests by R& F& UNK but mere dilution of the conjugate to UNK did not satisfactorily remove nonspecific staining. This indicates that increase in specificity of **f after passing it through ~DEAE-cellulose was not merely due to UNK Specific staining by ~DEAE-cellulose treated **f and **f, although clearly distinguishable under the microscope from either nonspecific staining or autofluorescence of cells, was not satisfactorily photographed to show such differences in spite of many attempts with black and white and color UNK This was chiefly because of the UNK white autofluorescence from the cells. The autofluorescence from the walls of the xylem cells was particularly brilliant. UNK OF UNK UNK Results of specific staining by the direct and the indirect methods were similar and showed the UNK of ~WTV antigen in certain tissues of UNK The virus antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue. Frequently a few isolated UNK cells or, UNK groups of such cells in the xylem region, were also specifically UNK but there was no such staining in UNK cortex, most xylem cells, ray cells, or UNK Within the pseudophloem cells the distribution of ~WTV antigen was irregular in the UNK No antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells. These areas are thought to represent the nuclei. In some tumor sections small spherical bodies, possibly inclusion bodies UNK and Black, UNK stained more intensely than the rest of UNK and probably contained more antigen. In all cases studied tissues of the stem on which the tumor had developed did not contain detectable amounts of ~WTV antigen. #DISCUSSION# In both the direct and indirect methods of UNK the conjugates had nonspecifically staining UNK In the indirect method, this was evident from the fact that tumor sections were stained light green even when stained with ~NS and **f or with **f only. In the direct method, **f, not further UNK stained certain tissues of healthy sweet clover stems nonspecifically and ~WTV tumor sections were similarly stained by comparable **f. After **f and **f were passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and treated twice with healthy sweet clover tissue powder, nonspecific staining was greatly reduced but a disturbing amount of such staining was still present. Treatment of the conjugates with ethyl UNK and the conjugates (which had been passed through UNK with mouse liver powder, sweet clover crown gall tissue powder, or healthy sweet clover proteins did not satisfactorily remove nonspecifically staining substances in the UNK Such treatments of the conjugates have usually been successful in eliminating nonspecific staining in several other systems UNK 1958). UNK and UNK (1959) did not report any such nonspecific staining of plant tissues with UNK UNK antiserum to tobacco mosaic UNK The reason for the failure of these treatments to eliminate nonspecific staining in the conjugates in our system is not known. In our work the best procedure for removing substances causing nonspecific staining in order to obtain specific conjugates was to pass the conjugates through a ~DEAE-cellulose column and in some cases to absorb the first and second UNK fractions with sweet clover tissue powder. The specific staining by both direct and indirect methods showed that ~WTV antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue and in a few UNK cells in the xylem region, but was not detectable in any other tissues of the root and stem UNK A study of the distribution of ~WTV antigen within the pseudophloem cells indicates that it is irregularly distributed in the UNK UNK virus is a UNK transmitted virus not easily UNK by mechanical UNK UNK UNK UNK <et UNK 1954). The concentration and apparent UNK of the ~WTV antigen in pseudophloem tissue of the tumor may indicate that the virus UNK UNK in the UNK and may need to be directly placed in this tissue in order to UNK plants. Since emotional reactions in the higher UNK depend on individual experience and are aroused in man, in addition, by complex symbols, one would expect that the hypothalamus could be excited from the UNK In experiments with topical application of strychnine on the cerebral cortex, the transmission of impulses from the UNK to the hypothalamus was demonstrated. Moreover, the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to UNK stimulation is greatly increased under these conditions. Even more complex and obviously UNK induced forms of emotional UNK could be elicited in monkey ~<A> on seeing monkey UNK (but not a UNK in emotional stress. A previously UNK conditioned reaction was restored in monkey ~<A> and was associated with typical signs of emotional excitement including sympathetic discharges. It seems to follow that by and large an antagonism exists between the UNK and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned, and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the UNK In addition, the UNK relations play a great role in UNK as UNK interesting experiment on the UNK of UNK UNK But even in relatively primitive laboratory animals such as the UNK sex activity closely identified with the hypothalamus and the visceral brain is enhanced by the UNK UNK stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species, as evidenced by the influence of the UNK brain (including the UNK on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions. It should be added that in man UNK interrelations probably play a role in the fusion of emotional processes with those underlying perception, memory, imagination, and creativity. UNK experiences are obviously of great importance for the qualitative and quantitative emotional response. The visceral brain as well as the neocortex is known to contribute to memory, but this topic is beyond the scope of this paper. UNK UNK UNK AND ITS UNK After this brief discussion of UNK UNK and UNK relations, let us return once more to the problem of hypothalamic balance and its physiological and pathological significance. UNK processes take place between neocortex and hypothalamus via UNK and descending UNK Thus UNK discharges induced by topical application of strychnine to a minute area in the neocortex UNK with UNK present in the hypothalamus and cause increased UNK discharges. On the other hand, the temporary reduction in hypothalamic excitability through the injection of a UNK into the posterior hypothalamus causes a lessening in frequency and amplitude of cortical strychnine UNK until the hypothalamic excitability is restored. Apparently, a positive feedback exists between the posterior hypothalamus and the cerebral UNK Consequently, if for any reason the hypothalamic excitability falls below the physiological level, the lessened hypothalamic-cortical discharges lead to a diminished state of activity in the UNK with consequent reduction in the UNK discharges. Obviously, a vicious cycle UNK This tendency can be broken either by restoring hypothalamic excitability directly or via UNK UNK It is believed that drug therapy and UNK involve the former and psychotherapy the latter mechanism. Before we comment further on these pathological conditions, we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from UNK Thus, a low intensity of hypothalamic-cortical discharges prevails in sleep and a high one during UNK resulting in UNK UNK potentials in the former and UNK in the latter condition. Moreover, the dominance in parasympathetic action (with reciprocal inhibition of the UNK at the hypothalamic level UNK by its peripheral action, the autonomic symptoms of sleep and, by its action on the cortex, a lessening in the reactivity of the sensory and motor apparatus of the UNK nervous system. With the dominance of the sympathetic division of the UNK the opposite changes occur. Since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of UNK while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus UNK sleep, it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the UNK Similar effects can be induced UNK via the UNK reflexes in man and animals. Of particular importance is the study of the actions of drugs in this respect. Although no drugs act exclusively on the hypothalamus or a part of it, there is sufficient specificity to distinguish drugs which shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side from those which produce a parasympathetic dominance. The former comprise UNK and UNK UNK the latter the UNK Specific differences exist in the action of different drugs belonging to the same group as, for instance, between UNK and UNK UNK as these differences are, they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasympathetic side, we produce UNK whereas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and, UNK UNK changes. The emotional states produced by drugs influence the cortical potentials in a characteristic UNK UNK prevails in the UNK of the experimental animal after administration of UNK but UNK after application of UNK and UNK drugs. The shock UNK act likewise on the hypothalamic balance. UNK experiments and clinical observations have shown that these procedures influence the UNK controlled UNK UNK and increase sympathetic discharges. They shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side. This explains the beneficial effect of UNK therapy in certain UNK and a shift in the reaction from UNK to normal reactivity of the sympathetic system as shown by the Mecholyl test. Some investigators have found a parallelism between UNK and return of the sympathetic reactivity of the hypothalamus to the normal level as indicated by the Mecholyl test and, conversely, between clinical UNK and increasing deviation of this test from the UNK Nevertheless, the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of UNK patients has not yet been tested on an adequate number of patients. The Mecholyl and UNK tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance, but for the sake of UNK autonomic and clinical states, and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions, additional tests seem to be desirable. It was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in UNK patients from the application of certain therapeutic procedures follows the pattern known from the UNK cycle. A change in the balance to the parasympathetic side leads in the normal individual to sleep or, in special circumstances, to UNK collapse or UNK and UNK In both conditions the emotional and perceptual sensitivity is UNK but no depression occurs such as is seen UNK or may be produced in normal persons by drugs. The fundamental differences between physiological and pathological states of parasympathetic (and also of UNK dominance remain to be UNK Perhaps a clue to these and related problems lies in the fact that changes in the intensity of hypothalamic discharges which are associated with changes in its balance lead also to UNK alterations in reactivity. A state of parasympathetic UNK of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the UNK reactivity of this structure to direct and UNK induced UNK but leads also to an autonomic UNK a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions UNK in this state of UNK a parasympathetic UNK Furthermore, conditioned reactions are fundamentally altered when the hypothalamic sympathetic reactivity is augmented beyond a critical level, and several types of behavioral changes probably related to the degree of central autonomic UNK are observed. If, for instance, such a change is produced by one or a few insulin UNK or UNK previously inhibited conditioned reactions UNK However, if these procedures are applied more often, conditioned emotional responses are temporarily UNK In other studies, loss of differentiation in previously established conditioned reflexes resulted from repeated UNK UNK treatments, suggesting a fundamental disturbance in the balance between excitatory and UNK cerebral processes. It has further been shown that: (1) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic UNK (2) drugs altering the hypothalamic balance alter conditioned UNK (3) in a state of depression, the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned reaction but cause an increased UNK instead of the excitatory UNK UNK effect on the UNK These are few and seemingly UNK data, but they illustrate the important fact that fundamental alterations in conditioned reactions occur in a variety of states in which the hypothalamic balance has been altered by physiological UNK UNK action, or clinical processes. UNK ON THE UNK UNK OF SOME UNK OF UNK The foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion. If this is the case, one would expect that not only the various procedures just mentioned which alter the hypothalamic balance would influence emotional state and behavior but that emotion itself would act UNK We pointed out that emotional excitement may lead to UNK disorders and neurotic UNK particularly in certain types of personality, but it is also known that the UNK of a strong emotion UNK may cure a battle UNK This phenomenon raises the question whether the guidance of the emotions for therapeutic ends may not have an even wider application in the area of the UNK Being a strictly physiological procedure, one may expect from such a study additional information on the nature of the emotional process itself. UNK experiments and therapeutic work lie in this area. He showed UNK that anxiety is a learned UNK reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical UNK and UNK therefore, that the UNK changes which UNK the UNK are functional and UNK An important observation of UNK served as a guide post to achieve such a UNK by physiological means. In a conditioning experiment, he demonstrated the antagonism between feeding and pain. A mild electrical shock served as a conditioned stimulus and was followed by UNK The pain became thus the symbol for food and elicited UNK UNK UNK UNK Even when the intensity of the shocks was increased gradually, it failed to evoke any signs of pain. Since strong UNK UNK produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation, UNK thought that he could utilize the UNK antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through UNK UNK experiments showed that this is, indeed, possible. He then applied this principle of reciprocal inhibition to human UNK He took advantage of the antagonism between aggressive UNK and anxiety and found a relatively rapid disappearance of anxiety when the former attitude was established. For the interpretation of these significant investigations, it should be remembered that reciprocal relations exist in the hypothalamus with respect to autonomic and UNK functions which are closely associated with the emotions. The UNK antagonism seems to be based on this reciprocal relation between the UNK and UNK systems. Furthermore, a functional antagonism exists between an aggressive attitude and a state of anxiety. Although in both emotions sympathetic symptoms are present, different UNK patterns UNK aggression and anxiety, respectively, as indicated by the rate of the UNK of the UNK the state of the muscle tone, and the Mecholyl test. The psychological UNK of these emotional states seems to be reflected in, or based on, this marked difference. UNK UNK UNK In our attempt to interpret the emotions in their physiological and pathological range, we emphasized the importance of the degree of activity of the parasympathetic and sympathetic divisions of the hypothalamic system and their influence on the UNK and excitatory systems, respectively. We stressed the reciprocal relation of these systems with respect to the UNK downward discharge as well as regarding the hypothalamic-cortical UNK Although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems, as a first UNK it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic-cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various UNK and states of emotions in man and UNK under physiological circumstances, in experimental and clinical UNK and as the result of UNK UNK In view of the important role which emotional disturbances play in the UNK of neurotic and UNK disorders and the parallelism observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances, it is further suggested that a hypothalamic UNK may play an important role in initiating mental changes. UNK THE UNK UNK UNK We are trying to study a linear operator ~<T> on the finite-dimensional space UNK by UNK ~<T> into a direct sum of operators which are in some sense UNK We can do this through the characteristic values and vectors of ~<T> in certain special cases, i&e&, when the minimal polynomial for ~<T> factors over the UNK field UNK into a product of distinct monic polynomials of degree 1. What can we do with the general UNK If we try to study ~<T> using characteristic values, we are confronted with two problems. First, ~<T> may not have a single characteristic UNK this is really a deficiency in the UNK field, namely, that it is not algebraically closed. Second, even if the characteristic polynomial factors completely over UNK into a product of polynomials of degree 1, there may not be enough characteristic vectors for ~<T> to span the space UNK this is clearly a deficiency in ~<T>. The second situation is illustrated by the operator ~<T> on **f UNK any UNK represented in the standard basis by **f. The characteristic polynomial for ~<A> is **f and this is plainly also the minimal polynomial for ~<A> (or for UNK Thus ~<T> is not UNK One sees that this happens because the null space of **f has dimension 1 only. On the other hand, the null space of **f and the null space of **f together span UNK the former being the subspace UNK by **f and the latter the subspace UNK by **f and **f. This will be more or less our general method for the second problem. If UNK this is an UNK the minimal polynomial for ~<T> UNK **f where **f are distinct elements of UNK then we shall show that the space ~<V> is the direct sum of the null spaces of **f. The diagonalizable operator is the special case of this in which **f for each UNK The theorem which we prove is more general than what we have described, since it works with the primary decomposition of the minimal UNK whether or not the UNK which enter are all of first degree. The reader will find it helpful to think of the special case when the UNK are of degree 1, and even more particularly, to think of the proof of Theorem 10, a special case of this theorem. UNK 12. UNK UNK UNK <Let> ~T <be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space> ~V UNK the field> ~F. <Let> ~p <be the minimal polynomial UNK ~T, **f UNK the **f are distinct UNK monic polynomials UNK ~F <and the **f are positive UNK Let **f be the null space of **f. UNK (a) **f (b) UNK **f is invariant UNK ~T (c) <if **f is the operator induced on **f UNK ~T, UNK the minimal polynomial for **f is UNK _PROOF._ The idea of the proof is this. If the UNK decomposition (a) is valid, how can we get hold of the projections **f associated with the UNK The projection **f will be the identity on **f and zero on the other **f. We shall find a polynomial **f such that **f is the identity on **f and is zero on the other **f, and so that **f, etc&. For each UNK let **f. Since **f are distinct prime UNK the polynomials **f are relatively prime UNK 8, Chapter UNK Thus there are polynomials **f such that **f. Note also that if **f, then **f is divisible by the polynomial ~<p>, because **f contains each **f as a factor. We shall show that the polynomials **f behave in the manner described in the first paragraph of the UNK Let **f. Since **f and ~<p> divides **f for **f, we have **f. Thus the **f are projections which correspond to some UNK decomposition of the space UNK We wish to show that the range of **f is exactly the subspace **f. It is clear that each vector in the range of **f is in **f for if ~|a is in the range of **f, then **f and so **f because **f is divisible by the minimal polynomial UNK Conversely, suppose that ~|a is in the null space of **f. If **f, then **f is divisible by **f and so **f, i&e&, **f. But then it is immediate that **f, i&e&, that ~|a is in the range of **f. This completes the proof of statement UNK It is certainly clear that the UNK **f are invariant under ~<T>. If **f is the operator induced on **f by ~<T>, then evidently **f, because by definition **f is 0 on the subspace **f. This shows that the minimal polynomial for **f divides **f. Conversely, let ~<g> be any polynomial such that **f. Then **f. Thus **f is divisible by the minimal polynomial ~<p> of ~<T>, i&e&, **f divides **f. It is easily seen that **f divides UNK Hence the minimal polynomial for **f is **f. UNK <If **f are the projections associated with the primary decomposition UNK ~T, UNK each **f is a polynomial in> ~T, <and accordingly if a linear operator> UNK UNK UNK ~T <then> UNK UNK with each of the **f i&e&, each subspace **f is invariant UNK UNK In the UNK of the proof of Theorem 12, let us take a look at the special case in which the minimal polynomial for ~<T> is a product of UNK UNK i&e&, the case in which each **f is of the form **f. Now the range of **f is the null space **f of **f. Let us put **f. By Theorem 10, ~<D> is a diagonalizable operator which we shall call the UNK UNK of ~<T>. Let us look at the operator **f. Now **f **f so **f. The reader should be familiar enough with projections by now so that he sees that **f and in general that **f. When **f for each UNK we shall have **f, because the operator **f will then be 0 on the range of **f. UNK <Let> ~N <be a linear operator on the vector space> UNK UNK say that> ~N <is> UNK <if there is some positive UNK UNK UNK that> **f. UNK UNK <Let> ~T <be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space> ~V UNK the field> ~F. UNK that the minimal polynomial UNK ~T UNK UNK ~F UNK a product of linear UNK Then there is a diagonalizable operator> ~D <on> ~V <and a nilpotent operator> ~N <on> ~V UNK that> (a) **f, (b) **f. <The diagonalizable operator> ~D <and the nilpotent operator> ~N <are uniquely determined UNK (a) <and> (b) <and each of them is a polynomial in> UNK _PROOF._ We have just observed that we can write **f where ~<D> is diagonalizable and ~<N> is nilpotent, and where ~<D> and ~<N> not only commute but are polynomials in ~<T>. Now suppose that we also have **f where ~<D'> is diagonalizable, ~<N'> is nilpotent, and **f. We shall prove that **f. Since ~<D'> and ~<N'> commute with one another and **f, we see that ~<D'> and ~<N'> commute with ~<T>. Thus ~<D'> and ~<N'> commute with any polynomial in UNK hence they commute with ~<D> and with UNK Now we have **f or **f and all four of these operators commute with one another. Since ~<D> and ~<D'> are both diagonalizable and they UNK they are simultaneously diagonalizable, and **f is UNK Since ~<N> and ~<N'> are both nilpotent and they UNK the operator **f is UNK for, using the fact that ~<N> and ~<N'> commute **f and so when ~<r> is sufficiently large every term in this expression for **f will be 0. UNK a nilpotent operator on an UNK space must have its UNK power UNK if we take **f above, that will be large enough. It then follows that **f is large enough, but this is not obvious from the above UNK Now **f is a diagonalizable operator which is also UNK Such an operator is obviously the zero UNK for since it is nilpotent, the minimal polynomial for this operator is of the form **f for some **f; but then since the operator is diagonalizable, the minimal polynomial cannot have a repeated UNK hence **f and the minimal polynomial is simply UNK which says the operator is 0. Thus we see that **f and **f. UNK <Let> ~V <be a finite-dimensional vector space over an algebraically closed field> UNK UNK the field of complex numbers. Then every linear operator> ~T <on> ~V UNK be written as the sum of a diagonalizable operator> ~D <and a nilpotent operator> ~N UNK UNK These UNK ~D <and> ~N <are unique and each is a polynomial in> UNK From these results, one sees that the study of linear operators on vector spaces over an algebraically closed field is essentially reduced to the study of nilpotent operators. For vector spaces over UNK closed fields, we still need to find some substitute for characteristic values and UNK It is a very interesting fact that these two problems can be handled simultaneously and this is what we shall do in the next chapter. In concluding this section, we should like to give an example which illustrates some of the ideas of the primary decomposition theorem. We have chosen to give it at the end of the section since it deals with differential equations and thus is not purely linear UNK UNK UNK In the primary decomposition UNK it is not necessary that the vector space ~<V> be finite UNK nor is it necessary for parts (a) and (b) that ~<p> be the minimal polynomial for ~<T>. If ~<T> is a linear operator on an arbitrary vector space and UNK there is a monic polynomial ~<p> such that **f, then parts (a) and (b) of Theorem 12 are valid for ~<T> with the proof which we UNK Let ~<n> be a positive UNK and let ~<V> be the space of all ~<n> times continuously differentiable functions ~<f> on the real line which satisfy the differential equation **f where **f are some fixed UNK If **f denotes the space of ~<n> times continuously differentiable functions, then the space ~<V> of solutions of this differential equation is a subspace of **f. If ~<D> denotes the differentiation operator and ~<p> is the polynomial **f then ~<V> is the null space of the operator UNK because **f simply says **f. Let us now regard ~<D> as a linear operator on the subspace UNK Then **f. If we are discussing differentiable UNK functions, then **f and ~<V> are complex vector UNK and **f may be any complex numbers. We now write **f where **f are distinct complex numbers. If **f is the null space of **f, then Theorem 12 says that **f. In other words, if ~<f> satisfies the differential equation **f, then ~<f> is uniquely UNK in the form **f where **f satisfies the differential equation **f. Thus, the study of the solutions to the equation **f is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form **f. This reduction has been accomplished by the general methods of linear UNK i&e&, by the primary decomposition theorem. To describe the space of solutions to **f, one must know something about differential UNK that is, one must know something about ~<D> other than the fact that it is a linear UNK However, one does not need to know very much. It is very easy to establish by induction on ~<r> that if ~<f> is in **f then **f that is, **f, etc&. Thus **f if and only if **f. A function ~<g> such that **f, i&e&, **f, must be a polynomial function of degree **f or UNK **f. Thus ~<f> satisfies **f if and only if ~<f> has the form **f. Accordingly, the UNK **f span the space of solutions of **f. Since **f are linearly independent functions and the UNK function has no UNK these ~<r> functions **f, form a basis for the space of solutions. UNK UNK OF BINOMIAL UNK Some experiments are composed of repetitions of independent trials, each with <two> possible UNK The binomial probability distribution may describe the variation that occurs from one set of trials of such a UNK experiment to another. We devote a chapter to the binomial distribution not only because it is a mathematical model for an enormous variety of real life UNK but also because it has important properties that UNK in many other probability models. We begin with a few examples of binomial experiments. UNK UNK A trained marksman shooting five rounds at a target, all under practically the same conditions, may hit the bull's-eye from 0 to 5 times. In repeated sets of five shots his numbers of UNK UNK What can we say of the probabilities of the different possible numbers of UNK UNK IN UNK In UNK of eight mice from similar parents, the number of mice with straight instead of UNK hair is an UNK from 0 to 8. What probabilities should be attached to these possible UNK UNK UNK WITH THREE UNK When three dice are tossed UNK what is the probability that the number of UNK is 0 (or 1, or 2, or UNK UNK BINOMIAL UNK More generally, suppose that an experiment consists of a number of independent trials, that each trial results in either a "success" or a UNK UNK and that the probability of success remains constant from trial to trial. In the examples above, the occurrence of a UNK a UNK UNK or an ace could be called a UNK In general, any outcome we choose may be labeled UNK The major question in this chapter is: What is the probability of exactly ~<x> successes in ~<n> UNK In Chapters 3 and 4 we answered questions like those in the examples, usually by counting points in a sample space. Fortunately, a general formula of wide UNK UNK all problems of this kind. Before deriving this formula, we explain what we mean by UNK of this kind". Experiments are often composed of several identical trials, and sometimes experiments themselves are repeated. In the marksmanship example, a trial consists of "one round shot at a UNK with outcome either one bull's-eye UNK or none UNK Further, an experiment might consist of five UNK and several sets of five rounds might be regarded as a UNK composed of several repetitions of the UNK experiment. If three dice are UNK a trial is one toss of one die and the experiment is composed of three trials. Or, what amounts to the same thing, if one die is tossed three times, each toss is a trial, and the three UNK form the experiment. UNK we shall not distinguish the experiment of three dice tossed once from that of one die tossed three times. These examples are illustrative of the use of the words UNK and UNK as they are used in this chapter, but they are quite flexible words and it is well not to restrict them too UNK UNK 1. STUDENT UNK UNK Ten students act as managers for a high-school football team, and of these managers a proportion ~<p> are licensed UNK Each Friday one manager is chosen by lot to stay late and load the equipment on a UNK On three UNK the coach has needed a UNK Considering only these UNK what is the probability that the coach had drivers all 3 times? UNK 2 times? 1 UNK 0 UNK UNK Note that there are 3 trials of interest. Each trial consists of choosing a student manager at random. The 2 possible outcomes on each trial are UNK or UNK Since the choice is by lot each week, the outcomes of different trials are independent. The managers stay the same, so that **f is the same for all weeks. We now generalize these ideas for general binomial experiments. For an experiment to qualify as a <binomial UNK it must have four UNK (1) there must be a fixed number of trials, (2) each trial must result in a "success" or a UNK (a binomial UNK (3) all trials must have identical probabilities of success, (4) the trials must be independent of each other. Below we use our earlier examples to describe and illustrate these four properties. We also UNK for each property, an example where the property is absent. The language and UNK introduced are standard throughout the chapter. _1. THERE MUST BE A UNK UNK ~N OF UNK TRIALS._ For the UNK we study sets of five shots UNK for the mice, we restrict attention to UNK of eight UNK and for the UNK we toss three dice (**f). _EXPERIMENT WITHOUT A UNK UNK OF TRIALS._ UNK a die until an ace UNK Here the number of trials is a random variable, not a fixed number. _2. BINOMIAL TRIALS._ Each of the ~<n> trials is either a success or a failure. UNK and UNK are just convenient labels for the two categories of outcomes when we talk about binomial trials in general. These words are more expressive than labels like UNK and UNK It is natural from the UNK viewpoint to call a bull's-eye a success, but in the mice example it is arbitrary which category corresponds to straight hair in a UNK The word UNK means "of two UNK or "of two UNK and both usages apply in our UNK the first to the names of the two outcomes of a binomial trial, and the second to the terms ~<p> and **f that represent the probabilities of "success" and UNK Sometimes when there are many outcomes for a single trial, we group these outcomes into two classes, as in the example of the UNK where we have arbitrarily constructed the classes UNK and UNK _EXPERIMENT WITHOUT THE UNK PROPERTY._ We classify mice as UNK or UNK but a UNK mouse UNK We can escape from such a difficulty by ruling out the animal as not constituting a trial, but such a solution is not always satisfactory. _3. ALL UNK HAVE UNK UNK OF UNK Each die has probability **f of producing an UNK the marksman has some probability ~<p>, perhaps UNK of making a bull's-eye. Note that we need not know the value of ~<p>, for the experiment to be UNK _EXPERIMENT WHERE UNK IS NOT UNK During a round of target practice the sun comes from behind a cloud and UNK the UNK lowering his chance of a bull's-eye. UNK THE UNK ARE UNK UNK speaking, this means that the probability for each possible outcome of the experiment can be computed by multiplying together the probabilities of the possible outcomes of the single binomial trials. Thus in the UNK example **f, **f, and the independence assumption implies that the probability that the three dice fall UNK UNK ace in that order is UNK UNK we expect independence when the trials have nothing to do with one another. UNK WHERE UNK UNK A family of five plans to go together either to the beach or to the mountains, and a coin is tossed to UNK We want to know the number of people going to the mountains. When this experiment is viewed as composed of five binomial trials, one for each member of the family, the outcomes of the trials are obviously not independent. Indeed, the experiment is better viewed as consisting of one binomial trial for the entire family. The following is a less extreme example of UNK Consider couples visiting an art museum. Each person votes for one of a pair of pictures to receive a popular prize. UNK for one picture may be called UNK for the other UNK An experiment consists of the voting of one couple, or two trials. In repetitions of the experiment from couple to couple, the votes of the two persons in a couple probably agree more often than independence would UNK because couples who visit the museum together are more likely to have similar tastes than are a random pair of people drawn from the entire population of visitors. Table 7-1 illustrates the point. The table shows that UNK of the boys and UNK of the girls vote for picture UNK Therefore, under independent UNK **f or UNK of the couples would cast two votes for picture UNK and **f or UNK would cast two votes for picture UNK Thus in independent UNK **f or UNK of the couples would UNK But Table 7-1 shows that **f or UNK agree, too many for independent voting. Each performance of an UNK binomial experiment results in some whole number from 0 through ~<n> as the value of the random variable ~<X>, where **f. We want to study the UNK UNK of this random variable. For example, we are interested in the number of bull's-eyes, not which shots were UNK A binomial experiment can produce random variables other than the number of successes. For example, the marksman gets 5 shots, but we take his score to be the number of shots UNK his first UNK that is, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 (or 5, if he gets no UNK Thus we do not score the number of bull's-eyes, and the random variable is not the number of successes. The constancy of ~<p> and the independence are the conditions most likely to give trouble in practice. Obviously, very slight changes in ~<p> do not change the probabilities much, and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference. (For instance, see UNK 2 of Section UNK on red cards in hands of UNK On the other hand, even when the binomial model does not describe well the physical phenomenon being UNK the binomial model may still be used as a UNK for comparative purposes; that is, we may discuss the phenomenon in terms of its departures from the binomial model. _TO UNK A <binomial UNK consists of **f independent binomial trials, all with the same probability **f of yielding a success. The outcome of the experiment is ~<X> successes. The random variable ~<X> takes the values **f with probabilities **f or, more briefly **f. We shall find a formula for the probability of exactly ~<x> successes for given values of ~<p> and UNK When each number of successes ~<x> is paired with its probability of occurrence **f, the set of pairs **f, is a probability function called a <binomial UNK The choice of ~<p> and ~<n> determines the binomial distribution UNK and different choices always produce different distributions (except when **f; then the number of successes is always UNK The set of all binomial distributions is called <the family of binomial UNK but in general discussions this expression is often shortened to "the binomial UNK or even "the UNK when the context is clear. UNK distributions were treated by James UNK about UNK and for this reason binomial trials are sometimes called UNK UNK UNK UNK Each binomial trial of a binomial experiment produces either 0 or 1 success. Therefore each binomial trial can be thought of as producing a value of a random variable associated with that trial and taking the values 0 and 1, with probabilities ~<q> and ~<p> respectively. The several trials of a binomial experiment produce a new random variable ~<X>, the total number of successes, which is just the sum of the random variables associated with the single trials. UNK 2._ The marksman gets two bull's-eyes, one on his third shot and one on his UNK The numbers of successes on the five individual shots are, then, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1. The number of successes on each shot is a value of a random variable that has values 0 or 1, and there are 5 such random variables here. Their sum is ~<X>, the total number of successes, which in this experiment has the value **f. Consider a simple, closed, plane curve ~<C> which is a UNK image of the unit circle, and which is given by **f. These are real analytic periodic functions with period ~<T>. In the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense, exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not contain an infinite number of inscribed UNK This theorem is similar to the theorem of UNK that there exists a UNK UNK around any closed, bounded UNK set in **f. The latter theorem has been generalized by UNK and UNK and UNK to show that in **f there are families of such UNK Here, for the case of squares inscribed in plane curves, we remove the restriction to UNK and give certain other results. A square inscribed in a curve ~<C> means a square with its four corner points on the curve, though it may not lie entirely in the interior of ~<C>. Indeed, the spiral **f, with the two UNK connected by a straight line possesses only one inscribed square. The square has one corner point on the straight line UNK and does not lie entirely in the UNK On ~<C>, from the point ~<P> at **f to the point ~<Q> at **f, we construct the UNK and upon the chord as a side erect a square in such a way that as ~<s> approaches zero the square is inside ~<C>. As ~<s> increases we consider the two free corner points of the square, **f and **f, adjacent to ~<P> and ~<Q> respectively. As ~<s> approaches ~<T> the square will be outside ~<C> and therefore both **f and **f must cross ~<C> an odd number of times as ~<s> varies from zero to ~<T>. The points may also touch ~<C> without UNK Suppose **f crosses ~<C> when **f. We now have certain squares with three corners on ~<C>. For any such square the middle corner of these will be called the vertex of the square and the corner not on the curve will be called the diagonal point of the square. Each point on ~<C>, as a vertex, may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction. To each paired vertex and diagonal point there corresponds a unique forward corner point, i&e&, the corner on ~<C> reached first by proceeding along ~<C> from the vertex in the direction of increasing ~<t>. If the vertex is at **f, and if the interior of ~<C> is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing ~<t>, then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating ~<C> UNK through UNK about the UNK The set of intersections of **f, the rotated curve, with the original curve ~<C> consists of just the set of forward corner points on ~<C> corresponding to the vertex at **f, plus the vertex itself. We note that two such curves ~<C> and **f, cannot coincide at more than a finite number of UNK otherwise, being analytic, they would coincide at all points, which is impossible since they do not coincide near **f. With each vertex we associate certain numerical values, namely the set of positive differences in the parameter ~<t> between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points. For the vertex at **f, these values will be denoted by **f. The function ~<f(t)> defined in this way is UNK We consider now the graph of the function ~<f(t)> on **f. We will refer to the plane of ~<C> and **f as the ~<C>-plane and to the plane of the graph as the UNK The UNK as a set, may have a finite number of components. We will denote the values of ~<f(t)> on different components by **f. Each point with UNK ~<t> on the graph represents an intersection between ~<C> and **f. There are two types of such UNK depending essentially on whether the curves cross at the point of UNK An UNK point will be any point of intersection ~<A> such that in every neighborhood of ~<A> in the UNK **f meets both the interior and the exterior of ~<C>. Any other point of intersection between ~<C> and **f will be called a UNK point. This terminology will also be applied to the corresponding points in the UNK We can now prove several UNK #LEMMA UNK <In some neighborhood in the UNK of any ordinary point of the UNK the function UNK is a UNK continuous UNK _PROOF._ We first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood. With the vertex at **f in the ~<C>-plane we assume that **f is the UNK location on ~<C> of an ordinary intersection ~<Q> between ~<C> and **f. In the UNK the coordinates of the corresponding point are **f. We know that in the ~<C>-plane both ~<C> and **f are UNK In the ~<C>-plane we construct a set of rectangular UNK coordinates UNK UNK with the origin at ~<Q> and such that both ~<C> and **f have finite slope at ~<Q>. Near ~<Q>, both curves can be represented by analytic functions of UNK In a neighborhood of ~<Q> the difference between these functions is also a UNK analytic function of UNK Furthermore, one can find a neighborhood of ~<Q> in which the difference function is UNK for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of UNK in any interval. Now, to find **f, one needs the intersection of ~<C> and **f near ~<Q>. But **f is just the curve **f translated without rotation through a small arc, for **f is always obtained by rotating ~<C> through exactly UNK The arc is itself a segment of an analytic UNK Thus if ~<e> is sufficiently small, there can be only one intersection of ~<C> and **f near ~<Q>, for if there were more than one intersection for every ~<e> then the difference between ~<C> and **f near ~<Q> would not be a UNK function. Therefore, **f is single-valued near ~<Q>. It is also seen that **f, since the change from **f to **f is accomplished by a continuous UNK Thus **f is also continuous at **f, and in a neighborhood of **f which does not contain a tangent point. We turn now to the set of tangent points on the UNK This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals. The fact that there can not be any limit points of the set except in closed intervals follows from the argument used in Lemma 1, namely, that near any tangent point in the ~<C>-plane the curves ~<C> and **f are analytic, and therefore the difference between them must be a UNK function in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point. This prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of isolated tangent points. #LEMMA UNK <In some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the UNK say **f, the function **f is either UNK or has no values defined, except at the tangent point itself, where it is UNK _PROOF._ A tangent point ~<Q> in the ~<C>-plane occurs when ~<C> and **f are tangent to one another. A continuous change in ~<t> through an amount ~<e> results in a translation along an analytic arc of the curve **f. There are three UNK (a) **f remains tangent to ~<C> as it is UNK (b) **f moves away from ~<C> and does not intersect it at all for **f; (c) **f cuts across ~<C> and there are two ordinary intersections for every ~<t> in **f. The first possibility results in a closed interval of tangent points in the UNK the end points of which fall into category (b) or UNK In the second category the function **f has no values defined in a neighborhood **f. In the third category the function is UNK in this interval. The same remarks apply to an interval on the other side of **f. Again, the UNK of the two curves guarantee that such intervals exist. In the neighborhood of an end point of an interval of tangent points in the UNK the function is UNK or UNK on one side, and is a single-valued function consisting entirely of tangent points on the other side. With the above results we can make the following remarks about the graph of UNK First, for any value of ~<t> for which all values of ~<f(t)> are ordinary points the number of values of ~<f(t)> must be odd. For it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of ~<C> and **f must be even UNK starting in the interior of ~<C>, **f could not finally return to the UNK and the center of rotation at ~<t> is the argument of the function, not a value. Therefore, for any value of ~<t> the number of values of ~<f(t)> is equal to the UNK number of tangent points corresponding to the argument ~<t> plus an odd number. UNK The number of ordinary values of the function ~<f(t)> at ~<t> will be called its multiplicity at ~<t>. #LEMMA UNK <The graph of UNK has at least one component whose support is the entire interval UNK UNK We suppose not. Then every component of the graph of ~<f> must be defined over a bounded UNK Suppose **f is defined in the UNK **f. Now **f and **f must both be tangent points on the UNK component in the UNK otherwise by Lemma 1 the component would extend beyond these points. Further, we see by Lemma 2 that the multiplicity of ~<f> can only change at a tangent point, and at such a point can only change by an even UNK Thus the multiplicity of **f for a given ~<t> must be an even number. This is true of all components which have such a bounded support. But this is a UNK for we know that the multiplicity of ~<f(t)> is odd for every ~<t>. We have shown that the graph of ~<f> contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval UNK and whose multiplicity is odd. There must be an odd number of such components, which will be called complete components. The remaining UNK components all have an even number of ordinary points at any argument, and are defined only on a proper UNK of UNK We must now show that on some component of the graph there exist two points for which the corresponding diagonal points in the ~<C>-plane are on opposite sides of ~<C>. We again consider a fixed point ~<P> at **f and a variable point ~<Q> at **f on ~<C>. We erect a square with UNK as a side and with free corners **f and **f adjacent to ~<P> and ~<Q> respectively. As ~<s> varies from zero to ~<T>, the values of ~<s> for which **f and **f UNK ~<C> will be denoted by **f and **f respectively. We have **f, plus tangent points. These UNK are just the ordinary values of **f. #LEMMA UNK <The values **f are the ordinary values at **f of a UNK function ~<g(t)> which has components corresponding to those of UNK _PROOF._ We first define a function UNK as follows: given the set of squares such that each has three corners on ~<C> and vertex at ~<t>, UNK is the corresponding set of positive UNK differences between ~<t> and the UNK corner points. The functions ~<f> and ~<b> have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument ~<t>. Now with ~<P> fixed at **f, UNK occur when the corner **f crosses ~<C>, and are among the values of ~<s> such that **f. The roots of this equation are just the UNK of the intersections of the graph of ~<b> with a straight line of unit slope through **f in the UNK (the plane of the graph of UNK We define these values as **f, and define ~<g(t)> in the same way for each ~<t>. Thus we obtain ~<g(t)> by introducing an UNK UNK in the UNK UNK In UNK we investigate a new series of line involutions in a UNK space of three dimensions over the field of complex numbers. These are defined by a simple UNK transformation of the points in which a general line meets a nonsingular quadric surface bearing a curve of symbol **f. Then in UNK we show that any line involution with the properties that (a) It has no complex of invariant lines, and (b) Its singular lines form a complex consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve, is necessarily of the type discussed in UNK No UNK of these results to spaces of more than three dimensions has so far been found possible. UNK Let ~<Q> be a nonsingular quadric surface bearing UNK **f and **f, and let ~\g be a **f curve of order ~<k> on ~<Q>. A general line ~<l> meets ~<Q> in two points, **f and **f, through each of which passes a unique generator of the UNK **f, whose lines are simple secants of ~\g. On these generators let **f and **f be, respectively, the UNK conjugates of **f and **f with respect to the two points in which the corresponding generator meets ~\g. The line **f is the image of UNK Clearly, the transformation is UNK We observe first that no line, ~<l>, can meet its image except at one of its intersections with ~<Q>. For if it did, the plane of ~<l> and UNK would contain two generators of **f, which is impossible. Moreover, from the definitive transformation of UNK on the generators of **f, it is clear that the only points of ~<Q> at which a line can meets its image are the points of ~\g. Hence the UNK of singular lines is the UNK order complex of lines which meet ~\g. The invariant lines are the lines of the congruence of secants of ~\g, since each of these meets ~<Q> in two points which are UNK The order of this congruence is **f, since **f secants of a curve of symbol UNK on a quadric surface pass through an arbitrary point. The class of the congruence is **f, since an arbitrary plane meets ~\g in ~<k> points. Since the complex of singular lines is of order ~<k> and since there is no complex of invariant lines, it follows from the formula **f that the order of the involution is **f. There are various sets of exceptional lines, or lines whose images are not unique. The most obvious of these is the UNK complex of tangents to ~<Q>, each line of which is transformed into the entire pencil of lines tangent to ~<Q> at the image of the point of UNK of the given line. Thus pencils of tangents to ~<Q> are transformed into pencils of UNK It is interesting that a UNK correspondence can be established between the lines of two such UNK so that in a sense a unique image can actually be assigned to each UNK For the lines of any plane, UNK meeting ~<Q> in a UNK ~<C>, are transformed into the congruence of secants of the curve ~<C'> into which ~<C> is transformed in the point involution on ~<Q>. In particular, tangents to ~<C> are transformed into tangents to UNK Moreover, if **f and **f are two planes UNK in a line ~<l>, tangent to ~<Q> at a point ~<P>, the two free intersections of the image curves **f and **f must coincide at UNK the image of ~<P>, and at this point **f and **f must have a common tangent UNK Hence, thought of as a line in a particular plane UNK any tangent to ~<Q> has a unique image and moreover this image is the same for all planes through UNK Each UNK ~|l, of **f is also UNK for each is transformed into the entire congruence of secants of the curve into which that generator is transformed by the point involution on ~<Q>. This curve is of symbol **f since it meets ~|l, and hence every line of **f in the **f invariant points on ~|l and since it obviously meets every line of **f in a single point. The congruence of its secants is therefore of order **f and class **f. A final class of exceptional lines is identifiable from the following UNK Since no two generators of **f can UNK it follows that their image curves can have no free UNK In other words, these curves have only fixed intersections common to them all. Now the only way in which all curves of the image family of **f can pass through a fixed point is to have a generator of **f which is not a secant but a tangent of ~\g, for then any point on such a generator will be transformed into the point of UNK Since two curves of symbol **f on ~<Q> intersect in **f points, it follows that there are **f lines of **f which are tangent to ~\g. Clearly, any line, ~<l>, of any bundle having one of these points of UNK ~<T>, as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of ~<l> and ~<Q> as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of **f which is tangent to ~\g at ~<T>. A line through two of these points, **f and **f, will be transformed into the entire UNK congruence having the tangents to ~\g at **f and **f as UNK A UNK ~<C>, being a UNK 1) curve on ~<Q>, meets the image of any line of **f, which we have already found to be a **f curve on ~<Q>, in **f points. Hence its image, UNK meets any line of **f in **f points. Moreover, ~<C'> obviously meets any line **f in a single point. Hence ~<C'> is a **f curve on ~<Q>. Therefore, the congruence of its UNK that is the image of a general plane field of lines, is of order **f and class **f. Finally, the image of a general bundle of lines is a congruence whose order is the order of the congruence of invariant lines, namely **f and whose class is the order of the image congruence of a general plane field of lines, namely **f. UNK The preceding observations make it clear that there exist line involutions of all orders greater than 1 with no complex of invariant lines and with a complex of singular lines consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve ~\g. We now shall show that any involution with these characteristics is necessarily of the type we have just described. To do this we must first show that every line which meets ~\g in a point ~<P> meets its image at ~<P>. To see this, consider a general pencil of lines containing a general secant of UNK By (1), the image of this pencil is a ruled surface of order **f which is met by the plane of the pencil in a curve, ~<C>, of order **f. On ~<C> there is a **f correspondence in which the **f points cut from ~<C> by a general line, ~<l>, of the pencil correspond to the point of intersection of the image of ~<l> and the plane of the pencil. Since ~<C> is rational, this correspondence has ~<k> UNK each of which implies a line of the pencil which meets its image. However, since the pencil contains a secant of ~\g it actually contains only **f singular lines. To avoid this contradiction it is necessary that ~<C> be UNK with the secant of ~\g and a curve of order **f as components. Thus it follows that the secants of ~\g are all UNK But if this is the case, then an arbitrary pencil of lines having a point, ~<P>, of ~\g as vertex is transformed into a ruled surface of order **f having **f generators concurrent at ~<P>. Since a ruled surface of order ~<n> with ~<n> concurrent generators is necessarily a UNK it follows finally that every line through a point, ~<P>, of ~\g meets its image at ~<P>, as UNK Now consider the transformation of the lines of a bundle with vertex, ~<P>, on ~\g which is effected by the involution as a whole. From the preceding remarks, it is clear that such a bundle is transformed into itself in an UNK fashion. Moreover, in this involution there is a cone of invariant lines of order **f, namely the cone of secants of ~\g which pass through ~<P>. Hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective de UNK involution of order **f and the invariant UNK must have a multiple line of multiplicity either **f or **f. The first possibility requires that there be a line through ~<P> which meets ~\g in **f UNK the second requires that there be a line through ~<P> which meets ~\g in **f points. In each case, lines of the bundles are transformed by involutions within the pencils they determine with the multiple secant. In the first case the fixed elements within each pencil are the multiple secant and the line joining the vertex, ~<P>, to the intersection of ~\g and the plane of the pencil which does not lie on the multiple secant. In the second, the fixed elements are the lines which join the vertex, ~<P>, to the two intersections of ~\g and the plane of the pencil which do not lie on the multiple secant. The multiple UNK of course, are exceptional and in each case are transformed into UNK of order **f. Observations similar to these can be made at each point of ~\g. Hence ~\g must have either a regulus of **f-fold secants or a regulus of **f-fold secants. Moreover, if **f, no two of the multiple secants can UNK For if such were the case, either the plane of the two lines would meet ~\g in more than ~<k> points or, alternatively, the order of the image regulus of the pencil determined by the two lines would be too high. But if no two lines of the regulus of multiple secants of ~\g can UNK then the regulus must be UNK or in other words, ~\g must be either a **f or a **f curve on a nonsingular quadric surface. We now observe that the case in which ~\g is a **f curve on a quadric is impossible if the complex of singular lines consists exclusively of the lines which meet ~\g. For any pencil in a plane containing a **f-fold secant of ~\g has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in **f lines, namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of ~\g and the multiple UNK plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil. However, if there is no additional complex of singular lines, the order of the image regulus of a pencil is precisely **f. This UNK the preceding observations, and so, under the assumption of this paper we must reject the possibility that ~\g is a **f curve on a quadric surface. Continuing with the case in which ~\g is a **f curve on a quadric ~<Q>, we first observe that the second regulus of ~<Q> consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of ~\g and the planes through any one of the multiple secants. For each of these lines meets ~<Q> in three points, namely two points on ~\g and one point on one of the multiple secants. Now consider an arbitrary line, ~<l>, meeting ~<Q> in two points, **f and **f. If ~|a is the multiple secant of ~\g which passes through **f and UNK is the simple secant of ~\g which passes through **f, and if **f are the points in which ~|a meets ~\g, and if **f is the image of **f on the generator UNK it follows that the image of the line **f is **f. These societies can expect to face difficult times. As the historic processes of modernization gradually gain UNK their cohesion will be threatened by divisive forces, the UNK between rulers and subjects, town and country, will UNK new UNK for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their UNK old rulers may lose their nerve and their sense of direction. National leaders will have to display the highest skills of UNK to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity. UNK of a community of interest will have to be UNK in some of the new nations, indeed, they must be built for the first time- on a new basis which looks toward the future and does not rely only on shared memories of the past. Nevertheless, with foresight and careful planning, some of the more disruptive and dangerous consequences of social change which have troubled other countries passing through this stage can be UNK The United States can help by communicating a genuine concern with the problems these countries face and a readiness to provide technical and other appropriate forms of assistance where possible. Our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the tasks which they face. At the same time, we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all UNK It may seem to some of them that success can be purchased much less UNK by fishing in the UNK waters of international politics than by facing up to the UNK tasks at home. We should do what we can to discourage this conclusion, both by offering assistance for their domestic needs and by reacting firmly to irresponsible actions on the world scene. When necessary, we should make it clear that countries which choose to derive marginal advantages from the cold war or to exploit their potential for UNK the security of the world will not only lose our sympathy but also risk their own prospects for orderly development. As a nation, we feel an obligation to assist other countries in their UNK but this obligation pertains only to countries which are honestly seeking to become responsible members of a stable and UNK world community. UNK UNK When we look at countries like UNK UNK Pakistan, and Burma, where substantial progress has been made in creating a minimum supply of modern men and of social overhead capital, and where institutions of centralized government exist, we find a second category of countries with a different set of problems and hence different priorities for policy. The men in power are committed in principle to UNK but economic and social changes are proceeding only UNK UNK enterprises have been launched, but they are not yet related to each other in a meaningful pattern. The society is likely to be characterized by having a fairly modernized urban sector and a relatively untouched rural UNK with very poor communications between the two. Progress is impeded by psychological UNK to effective action among those in power and by a failure on their part to understand how local resources, human and material, can be mobilized to achieve the national goals of modernization already symbolically UNK Most countries in this second category share the difficulty of having many of the structures of a modern political and social system without the modern standards of performance required to make them effective. In these rapidly changing societies there is also too little appreciation of the need for effort to achieve goals. The colonial period has generally left people believing that government can, if it wishes, provide all manner of services for them- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life. For example, in accordance with the fashion of the times, most transitional societies have announced economic development plans of varying numbers of years; such is the UNK of planning that people expect that fulfillment of the plan will follow automatically upon its UNK The civil services in such societies are generally inadequate to deal competently with the problems facing them; and their members often equate a government career with security and status rather than with UNK UNK and competence. American policy should press constantly the view that until these governments demand efficiency and effectiveness of their UNK there is not the slightest hope that they will either UNK of democratize their societies. We should spread the view that planning and national development are serious matters which call for effort as well as UNK Above all, we should seek to encourage the leaders of these societies to accept the unpleasant fact that they are responsible for their UNK Only within the framework of a mature relationship characterized by honest UNK of performance can we provide telling assistance. With respect to those countries whose leaders prefer to live with their UNK we can afford to wait, for in time their comparative lack of progress will become clear for all to see. Our technical assistance to these countries should place special emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of UNK and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments. We should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities, state and provincial governments, rural communities, and other smaller groups, making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected. Simultaneously we should be UNK the UNK of technical progress in various fields, showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education, how health affects labor UNK how small business can benefit the rural farm community, and, above all, how progress in each field relates to national progress. UNK such as the Community Development Program in the UNK have demonstrated that transitional societies can work toward balanced national development. To achieve this goal of balanced development, communications between the central government and the local communities must be such that the needs and aspirations of the people themselves are effectively taken into account. If modernization programs are imposed from above, without the understanding and cooperation of the people, they will encounter grave difficulties. Land reform is likely to be a pressing issue in many of these countries. It should be American policy not only to encourage effective land reform programs but also to UNK the relation of such reforms to the economic growth and modernization of the society. As an isolated policy, land reform is likely to be politically UNK as part of a larger development effort, however, it may gain wide acceptance. It should also be recognized that the problem of rural UNK cannot be solved by administrative decrees alone. Land reform programs need to be supplemented with programs for promoting rural credits and technical assistance in UNK UNK governmental and private planners will at this stage begin to see large capital requirements looming ahead. By holding out prospects for external capital assistance, the United States can provide strong incentives to prepare for the concerted economic drive necessary to achieve self-sustaining growth. UNK UNK UNK At a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as India, UNK the UNK and UNK which are ready and committed to move into the stage of self-sustaining growth. They must continue to satisfy basic capital UNK and there persists the dual problem of maintaining operational unity around a national program of modernization while simultaneously UNK participation in the program to wider and wider groups. But these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead UNK they have established reasonably stable and effective governmental institutions at national and local UNK and they have begun to develop a capacity to deal realistically and simultaneously with all the major sectors of their UNK On the economic front, the first priority of these countries is to UNK a vastly increased volume of resources. Several related tasks must be carried out if self-sustaining growth is to be achieved. These countries must formulate a UNK long-term program covering the objectives of both the private and the public sectors of the economy. They must in their planning be able to count on at least tentative commitments of foreign capital assistance over periods of several years. Capital imports drawn from a number of sources must be employed and combined skillfully enough to permit domestic investment programming to go forward. Capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning. Finally, a balance must be effected among project finance, utilization of agricultural UNK and general balance of payments support. Thus, although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are UNK and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant, the basic purpose of American economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange. There remain many political and administrative problems to be UNK For one thing, although considerable numbers of men have been trained, UNK are still deficient in many UNK even the famed Indian Civil Service is not fully adequate to the tremendous range of tasks it has UNK UNK assistance in training middle- and UNK management personnel is still needed in many cases. There are also more basic problems. This is the stage at which democratic developments must take place if the society is to become an open community of creative people. Nevertheless, impulses still exist among the ruling elite to rationalize and thus to perpetuate the need for centralized and authoritarian practices. Another great danger is that the emerging middle class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of UNK The capacity of intellectuals and members of the new professional classes to contribute UNK to national development is likely to be destroyed by a UNK sense of UNK toward both their own political class and their colleagues and professional counterparts in the West. Particularly when based upon a single dominant party, governments may respond to such a situation by claiming a monopoly of understanding about the national interest. UNK of the wisdom of their own actions, and UNK by the promises of their economic development programs, governments may fail to push outward to win more and more people to the national effort, becoming instead more rigid and UNK in their policies. American policy toward such societies should stress our sympathy for the emerging social and professional classes. It should attempt to communicate both an appreciation of professional standards and an understanding of the tremendous powers and potentialities of genuinely open and UNK societies. We have every obligation to take seriously their claims to being democratic and free countries; we also have, in consequence, the duty to appraise realistically and honestly their performance and to communicate our judgments to their leaders in frank but friendly ways. #THE TIME UNK We have emphasized that the modernizing process in each society will take a considerable period of time. With the exception of UNK foreign relations were historically concerned for the most part with conditions of short or at least measurable UNK Foreign policy now takes on a different perspective and must become skilled not merely at response but also at UNK American and UNK policies can UNK affect the pace of UNK but basically that pace depends on changes in the supply of resources and in the human attitudes, political institutions, and social structure which each society must UNK It follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon. It must be marked by a patience and persistence which have not always been its UNK This condition affects not only the conception but also the legislative and financial support of foreign policy, especially in the context of economic aid. UNK SOME OF THE UNK UNK OF UNK The place of religion in the simple, UNK societies is quite UNK as a complex it fits into the whole social organization and functions UNK in every part of it. In societies like ours, however, its place is less clear and more complex. With the diversity of religious UNK there are differences of opinion as to the essential features of UNK and there are different opinions as to the essential functions of religion. Nevertheless, for most of the population of heterogeneous advanced societies, though less for the less religious UNK religion does perform certain UNK individual and social functions. Although the inner functions of religion are not of direct significance in social organization, they have important indirect consequences. If the inner functions of religion are UNK the individual is a composed, ordered, UNK and emotionally secure UNK he is not greatly frustrated, and he is not UNK he is better fitted to perform his social life among his fellows. There are several closely related inner functions. In the last analysis, religion is the means of UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK and perpetuating man's deepest experience- the religious. Man is first UNK the UNK follow. Religion seeks to satisfy human needs of great UNK The significant things in it, at the higher religious levels, are the inner emotional, UNK and spiritual occurrences that fill the pressing human needs of UNK UNK and UNK The chief experience is the sensing of UNK and in the higher religions, of a harmonious relationship with the supernatural power. Related to this is the fact that most of the higher religions define for the individual his place in the universe and give him a feeling that he is relatively secure in an ordered, dependable universe. Man has the experience of being helpfully allied with what he cannot fully UNK he is a coordinate part of all of the mysterious energy and being and movement. The universe is a safe and permanent home.